Been up getting to the money since 4 am finally On my way home
up now for the rest of the night
DAWG Stro Is Rapping Rapping! My Goodness, This Man!
I really wanna take these nails off and get a new set but ik not gone have time to go this week
Gotta smart ass mouth but such a cry baby... how does that even work
And yes peter kavinsky quote from the second book but sue me one my favourites!!!
Food never lets me down
lyric driving so slow
convinced A total Angela from The Office
I think so
convinced ur an actual angel walking amongst us mere mortals
trying to get some shit popping
I keep watching Rondo replay he that one bully that can back shit up tho
Diamond snipers are gonna be a pain
I loved being blonde but so regretting it because my hair is FUCKED up now
Cats are evil
M408Soltani is more invested in the markets then the hookah
Nooooo theories are comin back into my TL... stress inducing
Under a rock
Love so much
so intoxicated right now
SANA ALAM MO KUNG GAANO KASAKIT SAKIN GAWIN YUNG BAGAY NA TO PARA SA IKALILIGAYA MO.
Caught up on all my shows. Now I have to wait a week between each episode
I woke him up to ask him something, he snapped on my ass I said damn I kno you was sleep sleep mf chill
I dead ass need me a girlfriend
always bring me byke to life
Man, I don tire for the older than you Bitch 2018, quit being ageist
I want to plan a small trip to somewhere next month but i know where
I have to save everyone that sounds
the necktie scene with jikook !! ugh theyre wildin again
going on this what I miss
Went there just to see me shit my
so ready for thanksgiving I miss my cousins
I have woken with a monster headache gonna be a long day. Morning loves
I just wanna wake up in my flat overlooking the streets of Paris already.
'Waking up' is a gift at my age!!happy birthday
I died. Let drake say that to me, be his next baby mother
I been beyond sleepy the last hour...when I hit this cold go be up AF
You. Are. So. Beautiful.
Jose McGregor
I be so stingy wit my friends bro
And chocolates tooo
sigh
So it was Melo all along
his hair.. we getting purple braids next week
Yes boy cuz not a good friend at all
Wtf did I just watch?! I hate for retweeting this mess onto my TL aklshdhxhwhgxeh
Why do people keep thinking my pjs are a pillow case?. Are you calling me fat
i need to go home...go bed
Shawty been on my mind tuff
SINGLE until her beautiful ass say delete this
bruh reading your horror au and wtf so scared idk wtf is gunna happen
Moo!!
coming
In every religion twitter population will go to hell
honestly my level of broke rn is i wanna jual the phone and my kidney, no kidding. every thing pakai duit
LOL I know how you do it earlier
Sad desert high five
I'm on campus. I'm writing Tuesday. It's your turn to have my back Lwazi
When your ass is too big for you dress that the button pops off
fricking me rn
Off work late and have work early tomorrow and I sleep
Last night i went home at 4Am and i went to sleep immediately because i had to wake up in 4 hours so i know anything oof
Can I frame this, everything I want and more just pulling out the softness late at night Jdbdjs
my throat is killing me
listening to gossip Sir. Turn that shit off please
this thread helped me alot
i would love that i wanna see it again
Pffff t'es pas sympa
My body clock
Need some love
what products do yall use to have such clear skin? Plug me
The one on the left will get you right it hit different then any comb
Sleepless nights are the worst
Currently in a uber bumping baby
me too but exhausted my leaves and money already
So ready for my nephew to get here ..
Love her so much prayers for her mom
the same thing happened to me in Sweden in 2010... but mine was just a cap not fucking $200
Lol I really need to get out more
For CAT 1 mcm I byk ahh.. RM90 is still more than $10
can't wait to get home and plop down on my bed with ac on full blaaaast
imagine being able to sleep before 3am must be nice
I remember shit from the tailgate and I slept through the origami jawn
in Cape Town?!
Info LowongaN We
Me & my friends went home for the weekend and we just been enjoying ourselves i wish this break was extended just a little ...
I was singing this some days back
Thirsty x Pnd Still My Shit
going to need me some medicine to help me sleep for a while
Feeding my face & diving in the bed afterwards tired
iced coffee ngaaaa
I should have stopped by Waffle House
liable to say anything while drunk, thank God the opportunity never permitted itself
No way Lmfaoo you out here doing niggas like
My best friend thinks I have feelings for him like I love you but not in that way
My back hurts so bad
unitedwecum: Snapchat(UnitedWeCum) Pretty dick out at school
Watch my life change now
every man and his dug wAs our in ggw last night
Stanned right away! Take me higher is THAT song anyway
I jus seen my real life crush he was standing right in front of me I even say nothing imma lame G
have yet to pack for Beaumont & i leave Monday morning
Working overnight no joke
Woke up with no excitement at all. Energy reserves are on an all time low right now
Motivation to study please
Fuck I miss this
I know for a fact I pulled that door shut and I heard it lock
Exactly especially if you still can SEE the string
Can you spot behind it? Clue - Cab door
I missed out on a dope ass party last night
Idk if I should go back out and take this risk or stay in
When someone you curved probably over 100 times finally unfollows you and stops dming >>>>
LOML wya THESE HOE doing me dirty out here LIL BABY
thought i was the only one
Can't wait to have a mini me
yieee, i love you too, i miss you so muchhh thank u!!
I look so unimpressed . Legends of Horror was great! I was definitely scared
Exactly
Dezz tell Cj send me some dick through JPAY
I mess with nobody , I be in my own lil world . I do not be trying to blend in at all do what I gotta do & leave
Now I'm getting addicted to a game that requires you to build a metropolis how I wish our current situation rn is as good as before
30 minute HIIT workout yesterday and my whole aching
How ?? Please explain it ...
Do you know when this money is meant to hit your account? Not a penny in this morning
I wish she was here
3 am & my little boy has not slept since 7
Hell nahh, Knock it tf off That be youuuu
Happy birthday even though late love you hoe
Gotta be up at 8 why am I up rn
I am so scared of what 2019 holds for me. 2017 & 2018 really drained me.
Word
i need to be touched
No wonder
Yet your lazy ass will still be in bed
sister snapped
Wala pang review
That makes sense had to go for work briefly
I wanna be thick & get my weight back but I see my face was fat af
Ajsjdjdjfbfhfcutebajsjsbddbbdbf
chicken and shrimp
di ko naman deserve yun but wth why is it happening to me???
your fav sex position ? Where they love you unconditionally
Shut up
4 more sundays
girl U had it all I need some food fr. I wait to wake up
still trying to watch Halloween
such a sensitive little soul never change, spaghetti legs! Give him loads of cuddles
I left my book at bae house
Walking around that fair got my body hurting so bad
- bored & I have nobody to talk too
Whatever going through not worth it
damn everybody know me
Yo TODOS LOS
Tits are filling w/ milk and they feel so heavy
Thanks! a wimp. I was complaining a lot. I feel bad for Brad my tattooist. I always
If we are having individual teasers then tonight we should get something
Yeah I only got one good one. Rest are just average Servers being down help
Ayyy Lord, I see what doing for others
Yeah and also rude
I was literally sleepy two seconds ago and now wide awake
For real I already love the first single.
Can someone wrap up and deliver her to atl for my birthday please all I want
I don't know if you're just doing it to make me feel better or you really mean it but I don't deserve this kind of kindness.
Ughhh tonight going by so slow
Ok but how are people confortable with putting pins in their slogans??? I even touch it in fear of putting dirt on it
I haven't even prayed enough for myself and family finished na
My stomach hurts soooooo bad
I hate when she leave
Wait I missed a fight dude!? Why I always fall asleep
I finally get off work and I get pulled over a block away from the house and I never wanted to be home so bad!!
Erm.. You know what, never mind
wait til Bobby get out the pen
Wide awake like I have work in the morning.
Already exhausted and haven't started off for Blantyre yet
how all 5 of us about to fit in this bed never know
Jack tacos sound fire
I really want to six flags
on my 5th today I love this show. I feel so emotional cried through almost all of them)
I cannot wait to crawl into bed
Kahibaw ko na wrong move kaayo to pero fuck oyyy God knows im full of regrets
they really be like who dat boy idk him not gonna go near nope
I will....once I can get off this bed
Let Me Gts I Got Work In The Am
finally in bed after a 12 hour night shift
Finally home. not cut for road trips but, I try
& I am starving & thinking about making a whole meal right now
cramming at its finest
My sisters baby is so fat
please be my pen pal
went to work to mess w/ my peoples , they wanted a nigga to clock in like nah foo im just a costumer
HAHAHAHAHA hate you for that
I Need a Hug
I wait for RHOA to start
I hate how much I love it.
so nervous about tomorrow
I was so tired an hour ago, now I fall asleep
When you have big bum see the kind of problems you worry about:
this future n juice wrld is phenomenal
Lmao please ignore my DM frm last night.. moti yo ni oh
Why do I gotta do this school shit man. I just wanna sleep
Thank you for the new music guys! Bless
I need a new trade
Thought I knew you
I should be in Eugene right now
always wanted to go on an art gallery date
Not to brag but baby girl is the best
I had a parked car conversation in a long time
Target on my chest
I need alldat
Ha ha! That smell was horrific yesterday, never known it to be that bad..
Awwwww, the Ryanair all upset
actually done a Ryanair trip report for
They better be there, please, Belarus...
sorry !
IM NOT READY IM NOT READY I want season 2 to end! But so excited to see all the superheroes together~
I just wanna be in my bed
I just wanna be under my baby
he probably lets Roro choose the color
lmfao i hate myself, i really have no willpower
and im a day older than lena wig
i need garden so bad
going to Georgia in December with my bestfriend omg! I
I jus wanna lay in my bed turn the heat on and cuddle
My fingers are too fat for them square surprisingly makes them look skinny and long
i just saw fun and work in the same sentence and my mind almost exploded... idk how to do it... i'm tired
with all this ITS MY NIGHT
also shook it's really fall like the weather barely hitting 60
3:30
I follow 280. a bit of a grind adding each one manually but keep going. Then if I
My landscaper just came and I do anything with one hand
i made too much chocolate ganache and idk what to do with it
Ugh I need to finish getting my body together
I really needed this vacation
Literally FREEZING on this couch
Still debating whether to book Liverpool or not next week with the girls like I do wanna go and then I
We all feel asleep in my brother room
im super stressed today.
And still too long to wait.
i still gotta look into that..the prof i emailed get back to me n the website is confusing
Day 2 of the greatest showman on repeat by my 3 year old, it was good the first 4 times I watched it
not okay.. Yoh ha.a
can't wait for LM5
I wait til my crystals come in nails gon be shining
Been coughing so bad since last night, please let me be getting sick. Noooooo
why is korean so hard
You can def fall in love in .03 seconds if the right person
This was a weekend full of events
yes i do imma do better i tell you all the time!
I love this DAY26 ep
Seminole grand
up with no business
I haven't eaten lunch yet
Definition of being ALL belly
Honestly we all? never fully rested anymore
Need a right now
I hope this nigga come back with some Canes.. wishful thinking though lmao
i had a blast with my baby today!
i be sweating bullets
this was me Thursday lmao
FFS still not even in the top 6... got to be better, this is bad
in the midst of thinking still too many pros and cons
I wasn't talking about you why you so angry you should be excited wtf
This Fuxking ENERGY i just wanna travel the world with my boo
how can a girl looks so cantik in tudung bawal and shawl ? i can't relate
There was one really really fine stripper tonight at the strip club
FOLLOW ME ON IG ROLLBLUNTSSS // i wish Twitter had a story i want to show how pretty i am
Lmao that shit just slapped hard asf! And I would but I gotta save my leftovers
I want my makeup done
Wish I was this lit
Just thinking back why had to take my brother from me mannn I miss that nigga sooo much
Fucking mood
30mins!
...i really need to change this account's profile pic soon but too lazy
minseok: h-
13 year old with no concept of age: HHHHHH GRANDPA LOOKS SO GOOD HERE HOW DOES HE MANAGE!!!!!
ty, Shey! Also yes, tell me Lance dream of it being Keith this time!
Page 9 of 9, 1636 words.
Conclusion pa huhu
body pain sucks
bitch about to go home and slump.
drag me like this i have a lot of anger but like 2 ft tall and i got no hands
All I want is real food
School Handout
this shootas
Tooo hot...
Woke up sick as hell with a sore throat
I had months to get ready for this ball but now only 2 weeks away and I feel ugly af y am i like this ??
Lit then telling yourselves how much you love each other amidst intense love making
thank you queen and luv bug from colourpop
Drink another glass of Kool Aid Graham and you'll be fine just like all the other times before...
She too much sometimes but I love her
Gotta get my baby shit out the way
This is me. Which reminds me, I need to wash it today. been postponing
I said I was going to start poppin out more like I used to
We all know a baking fail too well.
TWIN WE DONT HAVE A PIC TOGETHER BUT CARES DHJSJS HAPPY BIRTHDAY AHHH WELCOME TO THE 17 CLUB PLS
All except 1981 and 2018
Why have I been awake since 7 on my only day off
dreamy dreamy beautiful boy, i would take your last name anytime
Just block me like you blocked your face
not yet, i really want to
Right
taco bell then my bed tonight was lit
"Why there's a thing called grapefruit when there's a fruit called grape? "
Oh, my poor brain
This flu is really getting the best of me
Guess who opened the building late this morning. Glad it was on a weekend day still. Cause it been peak if it was a week day
Hmm maybe another night
i want another tattoo or piercing.
came so mothafuckin good i swear
he is so cute i stand it
Tomorrow... is Monday.... so work
Um.........we beat a guy but we mean to kill him he had a bad immune system he had depression saudis
Why am I awake so early on a Sunday
I completely forgot about the game tonight CLEARLY I missed a lot
I only wish for more pink
They look tired
Late naps are the worst, now ima be up all night
Me too
Tell him to shave, looks like he has given up on life.
aAaAaAaaAaaahhhh i love u so much
I gone to the Pride parade today , but NO! I had competency , even get the chance to go
be dead before then... probably...
confirmed
Not being able to sleep until 4am and getting woke up at 6:30am todays gonna be a bad day
3:34 am : Breast milk bottles : Diapers
Study.
Now y would he lick my clit like that
Work
Had more or less 4 hours of sleep
Justification for being a lazy bitch yesterday was that I was going to have a really productive day today i
I hate waking up in the middle of the night
Sheeesh i felt this
ready for the JSU VS ASU game now .
I need to start listening when people say "don't open this" yaz
My manager ALWAYS asks me if I can work when I have something to do she never asks when I have anything to do it sucks
dumb ho. Hate her.
Awww bruh.... Wanted to see how she suffered before ending her life... Would've been the perfect ending
platz is no longer el barbas he's el no barbas now
Shit was stupid busy
Danggg.. I had a dream about Hyunggu being the most perfect boyfriend I mean he probs would be but if only that were real
Up af eating pancakes n shit
Whatever it is sucks
Leaving for Epic today.. Italy here we come! Only thing make this honeymoon better is if we had a balcony
I done binge watched ahs 7 & wow so good i think the black lady been the wife instead
I stop laughing at this shit
Wait...was that serious
been guilty this whole weekend about how I have not been going to the gym why do I hate myself so much
Guyysss I've started packing for NYSC my heart is doing gbim gbim
taking that as a.... no??? What happened
Lookimg forward to it
Wait...was that serious
This why red my fav
i got stuff to tell my sister, dude
p.s.
November is almost here then Christmas then January never been so happy for them three months
we need them filipino jokes back bro
I know
I need a hug,kiss, flowers, cuddles
i scrapped my fingers ona ground cause of my brother
standing in between me & my summer body goals
Idk how girls can keep pregnancy a secret. I was dying our families to know
Halloween was Good
Yes boo (rubytopeye@gmail.com) but shipping is $5 I forgot to mention it I put it on IG lmao y se
Ptdrrrrrrr Lyka ne me fais pas rire le matin ! Wallaye tu as raison
for ONCE finally sorted my arsd before the last minute ayyy better hype me when i post it
So tired but I fall asleep
My man, Brandon Ingram, tossed the hands, and I missed this game
There's Amashova in Durban, I'm boxed in
BITCH ALSJAKSK
Why am I still up
Man I neeed it
I swear not crying.
my brother out there having fun while i have to take care of my niece
Soo hungry, but so tired
my son is 3 today time fliessss
Wish he was cuddling me right now
this is a big big mood
the BIG PAW Of the BLACK POODLE.. AFTER HE SLAPPING MY FACE TERRIBLY!
This is my last hair tie and gonna fall apart on me at any moment but too lazy to buy more.
Seriously ready to go home
Why am I still up?
Ask someone to follow me go somewhere and they got mad cause they wanted to go play games
Can't wait to go home
Make way for Jelen
Food is calling me now
Went through my old journals, damn it was cringe-worthy
Need sum immaculate head rn
I lost my favorite bronzer and pissssed
He's really the cutest human alive
Eric nam siap diri kt tangga betweet the seats tu wehhh elyxion pnye nk record pon x boleh.. Sume bnde x boleh..
omg im glad its not bad
true he will always be adorable sigh
Up all night with an itchy Riley means exhausted today
whenever Josh is gone I sleep
Slowly coming off this lil tipsy shit
I gone out in so long
I feel so sick & I go back to sleep
I barley get gifts from the anymore frustrating!
GUSTO KO NA TALAGANG MABILI YUN!!!!!
So i just now barely saw Ant-Man and The Wasp, and the ending got me fucked up WHATS UP WITH THE QUESTION
just now getting in the house
my princess that little smile when I called her name
My whole heart
So Joe Hart let in 5 yesterday?
I rode it once ugh why did they have to replace it?
Debating on letting Josiah sleep with me or not
I wanted to get the green part but somebody said be too far
I regret drinking that milkshake after hiking. Whyyyyy
ILYSB
I regret sleeping all day now I sleep
More theories?!? Help can anyone explain?
Swear gonna go straight to sleep as soon as I get home after work tonight
I believe this is the real number we been streaming so hard!!!
thank you beautiful
I am if you have a giveaway
idk where to buy a physical copy of reputation i need it for my collection
seen loads this year from Japanese artists
hulaan nyo sino ang late.
That's really yb's power
i'm so fucking stupid! i didn't know that those words are going to hurt him. screw me !
I believe still up, and so bored
Waking up to my phone screen smashed! fuck sake
Damn lucky
Every muscle in my body hurts bc of how cold I was
If you can believe the duality of this man then lying
Update: I want to be asleep right now.
so sad how obsessed I am with my new kitchen
everybody sleep but me
Bitches be wanting they baby back till you get with them
3:39am here in ATL. What you on over there in Dallas
It's burning
Just my luck she gets into an Uber pool with a girl throwing up
Yas bitch all chapters in pr2 done!
idk why i even added heat to my hair
Uh oh.......@GlenOrioleglen not been seen so far today
I had the maddest dream last night
How did I get 3 shawtys tonight rn
i been sleep i ainn friendly tho . so thats dead
Making a murderer part 2 is on Netflix now
so tired
Amilia never wants to cuddle
thusang
I wanna see tht new halloween
Sometimes people make it so hard for you to love them
He kills a kid in the new movie
Already eaten lunch! You should take your lunch too
ugh uste is losing nga eh !!!
I hate wearing the Same fits
boy tired
Good thing we brought my car bout to go to it. Get that good GOOD while my parents out here dancing. gonna knock out
drop the
Yes you can!! Thank goodness for MySpace
The club was lit and i even go
attempt at some exquisite free kick
I'm at work
This was the baby beruk at the stable I went just now lol omg so cute I nak baby jugak
Like a good one too w/ shrimp , sausage , etc.
I be wanting roundssss , that 1 round shit get it
no words except thank u for tonight
Girl Doomed in a good way
Mood \\\ I WANNA GRAB YOUR CUTE LUL FAcE AND GIVE YOU KISSES BABY AND HOLD YOU ALL NIGHT LONG N TELL YOU BOUT
& hungry asf
20 dollars ima listen today tho
Not sorry to early x
I was in the tub
Barely post on here Hey Twitter
Really smh just went to the new one and hella sketched , how do you know they deliver
I wish I was catching The Hammer rn
Horny in Manchester
Are you out partying tonight or ??
luv overthinking and holding on to the past its my favorite
addicted to skin care products
Watch our videos when i start to miss him
Lol.... run away bruh
Tomkins crying at the end What a player he has been for us
All those chanting his name at will feel very cheated
I wanna beat my ass right now LORD!
Tonight I was suppose to be up
She hyping me and I'm not even finna stop her. Lol
El triste destino de un Huracan Performante en Boston
Can never sleep after work
i hate my family in the most loving way....
SHE: Headache
HE: kya howa mele shoni ko...ao dabao...sahi howa?
SHE: Haan
Doctor: Lanat ho meri degree pr
we're gay keep scrolling
Come on... This is terrible.
I had so much fun at the Drake concert
craving tacos from kikes
cameras is one of the best songs heard
I want milk tea right now! Tapos chuckie at yakult!
when u want to have a long conversation with someone, kaso wala ka nang ma-topic at mukhang bored na siya
someone obsessed with me
I miss Chrishaad .
cant wait for that lil baby concert
If you only knew how perfect you are
go to the subway in San Jacinto
After a House Break
Whites : U have investigate
----
Odarky : Abantu abakwazoyo
-
everyone so boring to me now fuck
Replying to 73 unread emails on a Sunday. This is the screeningz and distrib lyf
i cant believe im coming literally THREE days after jaehyuns birthday this is jaehyunphobic
Never been so happy to see my bed
I wanna go on adventures, take walks on the beach, look at cute stores I wait to go back to ny & b w my cousins
my body is so sore
Still got a hotel room for my Spain trip
productive weekend teruk
Okay so done being ill now nothing I need more than my favourite person right now
Bugger, the one year I fly over from Australia for WSC , Xander does this
I need this kind of appreciation
Send it to the gc
The freedom I feel when I get home & take my wig off
shit isent it! I can never have a lie in
I sleep for shittt
thought the rain was supposed to help you sleep insomnia go away!
Why tf is my kid wide awake right now
Must be nice to be sound asleep right now
Tell me about it.
Idk why i just woke up out my sleep
I gotta make it to church tomorrow
Forgot how it felt to work opening til' closing shifts I need my feet & back rubbed asap
He just fell and this is the third time in week
been feeling so nauseous lately
ihope oomf cum ova tonite
I miss my man he need to come on back , been too long
The sprouse twins are the dreamiest people ever seen
Right stay home & watch movies sounds so much better rn
Why am I still up?
even tho my kids give me absolutely no space when we sleep its so comforting
to much right now. Somehow I keep pushing through
I love it when his nose mole or jawline mole can be captured on camera
Just the other day, I spoke things into existence, Friday the universe answered
Well that escalated quickly RT Rondo vs chris paul
My number one.
Want some Waffle House
All of my friends are far
I want some Nicaragua food
shit be fire asf
why am i up???
Bring me some
Hargh I forgot, something like Habt ihr probably, but my brain handle all that input
My first bias ever SCQ days!
wait to get in my bed
My life so boring i really need some more friends.. DMs always open
The stylist really love darker tone outfits huh please put some bright color on them
I just woke up so hungry omg
Woke up n now wide awake... fuck
DP Nallaa irukku
been resting while the baby was sleep b/c I have a feeling once she wakes up for her next feeding she not going back down
Yoooo lol what a night it was a good day
i miss my man so much
They never should have given him another chance in the first place ...
These shots the DJ gave me at this bar tonight got my head fucking spinning! I just wanna go eat, go home, shower, and go to bed!
the only song that matters am i right
Exhausted
How is it 3pm already.
Would love to just lay on my bed right now open my legs and someone play with my pussy
Taking care of drunk in love people is such a fucking mission
Fantastic career ruined by some old dog trying to get some money
Me waiting for my products
How cute, my boy wants to come church and woken up early and everything lol. Bless him
Right now I am scared An hour ago my temperature spiked and been taken to the High Care Unit it
I wanna wake up to a paragraph
guys are so cringe please go obsess over someone else
Right now I am scared An hour ago my temperature spiked and been taken to the High Care Unit it
Literally just want my trip to qld to see my bestie to be here already my niece and nephew on Snapchat has me wanting hugs and kisses!
We all make mistakes, Tony! If you're not getting the service you're paying for, we might be able
his little so cute
believe already 6 months pregnant.. this pregnancy is flying by so fast
I CANT KDJDWJJS IM NUMB
Cant sleep now
I'm high asf
I love it when you're trying to email your friend professionally and she responds with "habibti love u"
I need USD1 million every month to maintain the lifestyle I live in my head,
if i put a picture up would laugh
honestly sad how much time you can lose just trying to keep your mind occupied
Need a nice slurpee
finally home bout to cuddle wit stank nd gts
trying to get used of a new routine; using micellar water instead of normal face wash in the morning. hope for the best
I curse so much trying so hard to stop
Sana ma notice ako nitong crush ko
6 shots 1 goal ... really was robbed of my triple captain chip yesterday
All I want right now is you to be here laying in bed with me after a long day at work
I be up with nobody to talk too
Me either why u sleep baby
What should i do
I wish a bitch would, lol fonz would catch a case fr
Both wanna be together but we act it on but you belong to somebody else.
Get You has been playing in my mind alllll day
sis please make the video available in the US!!! missing out on so many views
She really knows how to make me happy
Hopefully
I had so much shit to do today and I literally spend the day reading books
The first thing I thought of when I woke up
just getting in the house and im tired af im sleeping in tomorrow fuck that
I fricken got up and danced for the fams May not be shocking to but hella for me.
in this house we Rebel
my stomach hurt
i need the booty & the boo
swear ion never wanna sleep on my side of the bed no more
beyooond sleepy , i should of went to sleep
I have a really terrible headache from last night.
The economy
Brandon Ingram having it! Backed his guy like a G
I really wish one day I can say "FUCK YOU" on your face
Just left the hospital the doctor said if I trust another nigga I might die!
Omg the time me and Ava wake up! Ugh I know the parking there fuckn sucks!!
I hate being woke up
Publicly declaring my crush on my WCE
Only 17 mill short
same but im french
I wish I had the time
A CUTIE! i love you
Me and my daddy been hard down arguing about that game tonight
Ugh I deleted my Snapchat from my phone lol been trying not to use it anymore
Hulu need some different commercials
Work Taking Me From My Baby & My Baby From Me .
wish Jay was here
I was hoping drake would bring out YG last night and ofc he comes out the following night.. with post Malone
My Simp Ahh Just Wanna C Laid Up Caked Up
I have touched soooo much money this year, and use it to my advantage or save it how I was supposed.
Godbless my grades send me a miracle
Or hot chocolate with Bolio pinches antojos
Bitches really be hating
I lost one of my good hoops
Everything costs money.
I gotta play the lotto.
man all I wanna do is lay up under one particular person all I wanna do
VSU have to redeem themselves next year
Ahh I'm gonna try this
But kenale di ngame on my TL
But idnt wanna get out this bed to go the store
Chubby cheeks
aaaaaa im so soft for them
so much work.
bring if I end up making it
I have no idea why I am up right now & I do not like it
This was like my third nap after getting high
I really want to do 5 makeup looks in one sitting just to release allllllllllll this stress.
and at this point I need a lil boo .. one actually vibe with
Why am I up so late gonna regret this
My baby woke me up to take him to the bathroom now just up and back to sleep snoring already
They think of everything
you so
/
_/||
fuckin' precious
\
|| \_
I just want a back rub, or a cuddle sess or something everybody gettin lovins but me
he have to snap all throughout the year
Oh I hate it when that happens
I love Will & Jada
Arghhhhhhhhhh kahit saan may traffic
Nope...
Miss having someone to send my nudes to
If I was this pretty I know how to act
Randomly woke up & cant fall back asleep no matter what I try
Damn...I really am afraid of commitment.
I wish you deserved it
Why is payday still 9 days away?
When I get home after this shift
some memories from 2014
5.20am seconds day in a row ! No idea why my 2 year old thinks this is acceptable at the moment and on a weekend
[ ] Everything about Doyoung is cute uwu I love him so much and his baby pics
I hardly ever wear makeup, but when I do my face makes me regret it 100%. I break out instantly and tired of it
how to remix a song
kin went back to sleep now im just up watching her sleep like a creep
Keisha Cole did not age at all
The solar system ? Bts are coming back
KIM JONGIN!!!
literally had the worst sleep of my entire life last night
1. ashley
2. sept. 12
3. fangirl
Then always wanna go outside like it's 4 in the morning man....
I know, wide awake sleep
Why do you look like the delta version of Pablo Escobar
i have not experienced a period for about the last 7 months & WOW i forgot how much this sucks. im dying
It's only 66 degrees outside & i started shivering soon as i got out the car
you a whole snack happy birthday
I eanted to get Mcdonalds but someone is parked behind me
Yes it is... this is arts...arts from VIXX
I miss it so much
nipsey was ready go ahead baby swing if needed
LIKE NOW THAT WOULD BE LOVE FR
Ever had someone so fine speak to you and all you could do was smile..... lmfaooo woahhh
My Bones Be Hurting Bad Asl When Cold
MAHAL NA MAHAL KO TO
...if they survive the Netflix axe.
my flight is soon so I sleep
I vividly remember how last quarter's pt week brought nightmares to most students
Lmfaooo ima go shit I been out all day though fr and a hr from where I live
We were washed last night and went to bed at like 8:30. sad I missed the fight between Lakers and Rockets live
craving for soft shell crab
The thing that sucks about working so late is when you get off hard to fall asleep
I hate randomly waking up and not being able to go back to sleep
i guess so HAHAH
Urghh
It was just an apple Eve.
Just. An. Apple.
Whyyyy
Langston now
This hurts my heartyou deserve the most happiest
Sneezing all day long. Super exhausted
Can this last assessment pls hurry up and be done I wanna enjoy this beaut weather
I know I check out till 11 but my body is telling me 7:30 is a great wake up call
I can't sleep now
I think need months to recover from that thank you babe
I always plan out romantic shit for people who would neverrrrr do the same for me
my family knows I hate checking bags
Waking up on a Sunday without a hangover is overrated
Once you know the answer u think that deep!! Dont give up
believe I watched Monet X Change from Rupauls drag race on Friday night she was so fabbb my life is
Icant believe Brooklyn sleep usually ill go to sleep on her
hell no tired as hell
Dang!!!! Really??!! Let's watch that
Yes cause I have the time to follow it when it comes on
Name calling is soooo cool Laura! If 12. seriously desperate to be relevant but just hopeless
i would love that actually- could you?
4 hour wait...
So much happenings for today. Idk what to feel
am I in a relationship with a 50 year old hahahaha I feel insulted
Nigga had the grabba in a salt shaker
Dahyun is such a girlfriend material
The last one >>
while wearing a dinosaur jumper...cuteness overload
jaehyun oppa loves his new toes!
My Sunday morning laziness is back.
that horrible feeling when dreading a hangover
Yall are gorgeous & both look 20
Why am I not asleep
gonna have the biggest hangover of my life today
Remember what he said! I
if it for them I swear I really know where be today they drive me insane but keep me sane at the same time
Not until November 17th thank god
Exactly. That's why these solo stans of vocal line needs to learn to wait properly.
I hate that I procrastinate but I also stop procrastinating.
still buzzed and so happy!!! fk that midterm i failed
no person I hate more than drunk me so embarrassing bye duct taping my mouth shut forever
Jess Mari & I tomorrow
I don't like going to sleep without my baby
Nothing sucks like looking for your specs after bathing
When sitting infront of your dumbbells but have no power to workout
essay coming together
either a sugar baby or a cougar never just get anyone in my age bracket
I used to keep weed on me and now here I am tweeting need a shakebike keyia damn
Beach please
Life was miserable, so I took it up a notch and joined Twitter
Can you not complain strolling into camp guy
Which yogurt is that so that i avoid
Fellas, some time out yo day to appreciate her beauty. Not just her fire self, but her heart and soul Then when
I cannot sleep for shit tonight
i need to make 1adem trips
What boy now better be that scammer of yours
Look at Melo like dam he just snuck his ass !!
Damn, that sounds so lit.
Good luck with everything.
Don't u think jennie will get more hate for her solo Of course she will that's what I've been saying the
I want some peach cobbler so bad
Hey You Want My Private Photos Without Signing Up To My OnlyFans Account?DM ME
This was the cutest thing ever
my hair is so thick i love it
I wait for me and my baby to have our own place
Kuaja ye mereka
Girl I hear you. Right now just things too lazy to do but got plenty of things
tryna go tf to sleep
in bed
Whys he lip syncing tho
Any shows/movies on netflix you guys have?????
Spoiled bitch syndrome
Pls do this to me my queen
U serioussss ??? Why i know about this when ??
Something told me to get McKenzie out her bed my baby burning up with a fever
know Rondo dnt play
does it hurt when you fall from the heaven?
If you and your homegirls have enough time on y'all hands to call and play on another hoe phone y'all miserable asf
I can never get back to sleep
Craving pho
Make a vid ! WE NEED TO HEAR IT
Can this girl hurry up and get home
Smashed the whole of my screen ffs
This be the hardest part about the night sleeping alone
i will never see baepsae live
I had hiragana table as my wallpaper for so long but then i got tired I'll continue when i get
Wide awake brain storming
I need a massage my body hurts .
You Cause Lightskin & Slept On
okay but my mans yuzu, can he show signs of life or something?
Getting woken up at 7am by a police helicopter why criminals enjoy Sunday mornings in bed too! Selfish tossers.
woken up with a migraine, fabulous!
Thanks
i wanted to go so badly i hope you had fun though !
idk sis. it's so hard
I want some food from Dreams
nightmares sounds like it describes my life right now
been googling the rspca and then thinking of ways we can get him and bring him home poor little thing
It feels amazing
this woman's luscious fckn *lips*
I hate myself for opening this, Yinhle ke kodwa into yakhe asinamona.
think ever been this depressed in my life
didnt know u used to watch leafy
Dawg I swear I got the fuck out the house so fast and came sat in my car
I rly hope the xmms push but unlikely
This girl said, clear the walk way see this goddess walking!
FOR ONCE I'M GLAD it's not fking war when japanese artists come here...
I am freaking out right now just from BTS' ticketing
I can be so stubborn Deborah is tired already
Bila kau perform tapi team buta map
wait to do my nails this week
gonna be stupid broke, but going to LA in December and then to Mexico and then flying back here.
I have this small pamaol on the top my left leg na small na nga pero it hurts huhu sakit i-raise ang leg ko
uuuugghhh the circa 1900 buffet last night was the best buffet ever been to i miss it already
Im risking my life because my lil sis want to cut my hair
Been dreaming about my worst nightmares and I thank God that everything was just a dream
the BEST fansite-nim there is
I wanna be a stem major anymore
I fall asleep at like 8/10 then up by 2am until like 6 and then my son wakes up 30 min later
Okay but why is this my biggest tweet follow me i need more mutuals
why are u doing this to me i wanna lick them. am I a pervert or sth
That ulnar nerve no joke
I don't know why I keep doing this to myself I am absolutely spent
Kikiwaka harvest Sunday. Leaving my tommy empty for church food. Going to be a cheat day!
suck my nigga dick 12 times a day for daddy
I want Teyana Taylor body with my face on it.
Holla at ah real one
hope my mom pulls thru and I go to Guam with my dings on frifri
back to reality
BOBBY WHAT U WANT FROM ME
Can this train go any faster... ngifuna ukusuza ade ngubamnile ngeke
My ass needs to be sleep
God please hold my eggs for another 4 or 5 years I need know children rn
I just want more tattoos
i still taste you on my lips yeah i do
Why am I up????
is what i think everytime i look at ur art
Ugh my baby passed his written and his physical tests gonna really be a full blown police officer soon so proud
I need a pedicure
If only I could learn how to actually slay frontals
put that denim in reverse
So annoyed that up.
been trying to sleep for the past three hours and my child is legit kicking harder and harder
put that denim in reverse
I barely got out of mine, been going on for a week
My feet are ded.
its mad cold
OMG!! That is why i knew something was wrong with his forehand Roger
really blind asf at night bro , I need glasses
T e n r o u n d s this kids man
I just need some dick
Clearer than my future.
why am I still awake?
I really hate visitors wow I deal with 5 or more people visiting at once. too much
Wow I sleep because this girl is in my ribs
I want more pictures with my girlfriend, insanely adorable
perfect time to be laying w/ my boo
I thought I told not to be doing this to me
5. God I lowkey hate my username. Taejindreams because I love Taejin and dreams because a fucking idiot leave me alone LOL
Got all the urges to watch revenge of the sith but I have to do things with my day
Every morning
welllllll I cheated cheated chalk it up to karma
I need to learn to stop hitting up the same people
They call it Ben, EXPANSION
I need nails buy me food instead
SPILL THE TEAAAAA LAAA
Craving wingstop. preferably original hot 8pc. Alll flats pleaaaase
Not hearing voice on the radio at night at work is gonna be weird
spam anon so relatable wow the people who have a crush on me are interacting now this is like
Now I have to go warm the milk myself ke itirele di Weetbix
Work later but first face mask, pancakes & tea
I hate allergies
but how, im also waiting for it
No
This is so embarrassing
Got my friends too fucked up tonight, and I feel guilty
G W A P A H A O Y ! ! ! ! !
Why am I up? I wanna sleepppp
OMG
THEY ARE LITERALLY THAT FUCK IT ILL DO IT MYSELF MEME
hp aku lost contact lahh . meh num awucks
Ima sleep for soooooo long today
Tryna ride his saddle for Halloween
This One Person Bro, He Just Someone Ion Wanna Lose .
noooo
literally
Fck already tired
wish i was laid up
When she burning but She Pretty.. oh You FiRE FIRE
I want a grilled cheese sandwich & a coke
never been so sleepy in my life while my family having their best time of their partying stuck at work... 3 more hours
so hungry. still in bed. I have a delivery. I have a viewing. I wish I could just stay in bed whole day and read
I was leaning toward them too lol yes
I have a cough at the moment so maybe that. I keep getting standing over my bed with pressure on my chest.
spilled a cup of crown on my covers
want this dream of a night to end
lawd that la boy
I really bussed out crying at Hoco
Currently having the worst hangover because of it
I tell ye this drive take Liverpool get any easier
E X H A U S T E D
Sleep is callin me toooo tired
The cupcake face
Need my sleep schedule fixed
Boy nahhhhhhh bet not EVER watch me get stole on
My brain stopped working
scared flop!!
Twitter should make the retweet button work same way as the like button
i think about this stuff EVERYDAY
Oh help. Now I agree with Judith Collins. My life is in tatters
Just woke up
This weekend is too long can the week start already
To top it off he was a Taurus . Sies
mb is real mvp rn
the best place to be
Swizz Beats look 40 at all
Just like the pied piper led rats through the street, we will have communism here in UK just like the EUSSR
IMAGINE HOW GREAT OUR ALMIGHTY GOD IS! I'M IN AWE
that subway surf notification noise is enough to give anybody a heart attack
I just want to sleep but I
I work on Halloween so imma take the kids to the candy store uptown next Saturday
Please be my mentor/coach Ma I have my first performance next week in newtown.
People in general take what they dish out
My bed is fixed so perfect that I don't want to lay in it
Not looking forward to that
, everybody really went to sleep on me im still up bruhhh
as cute as me bunny Jungkook!
For all the ladies online who like hands.... imagine mine around your neck
Damn to cold not to have a boo to cuddle with
My ass always makes it right before last call
just seeing her flawless face makes me think about killjoys and how much I miss it
I sleep lord
never forget the episode on ANTM when Tyra made a dentist forcefully create a gap on one of the contestants
My hubby
so...@HOLYGOOF_UK literally melted my face off absolutely insane set
Ugh I miss this Nicki
I swear you made GOOD BAD for me THIS SONG IS MOOD 24/7
i want a daddy to spoil me and watch me cum for him
Summer Walker - Girls Need Love
a whole mood
so pretty omg
As if my car has broken down again
My wrist is sprained
I gots to move out my momma house tired of not being able to lay up & really be grown
OOPPPPEEEEE I miss you so much. Thank you love I love you too
I really wanna be up
nddndndjd i miss kev
What am I doing at 4am? Searching on Amazon for a nail polish organizer for all the nail polish I rarely use
That nasty thing on top of his hair doe.
They said they didn't expect it lol happened so fast I hope at least one of them was recording
I think I will go make one
....... omg thx for the it's too cUTE. send more pls hehehe
PLS
active 4 hrs ago
That Shyt Be Blowing Me
I seriously need a real out the country .. get away ...like yesterday
you really are the bestest
My baby boy 18 months today 6 more months and I'm gonna have a 2 year old
I can't fucken sleep
Santorini has got so hot in the last couple of days sad to be leaving which means no proper hot sun until
I'm so hungry I could have someone's daughter as breakfast too
oomf not here so ready to go in
Cant even sleep anymore
Why did we think it was a good idea to walk from sharnbrook back to Rushden last night.
Miss out on My Favourite Sketch with
It's available to catch up!
Trust us,
To be honest, y'all girls really be hating me.
BUT ITS OK CAUSE YALL NIGGAS REALLY BE LOVING ME.
Still got 20 champs games left is it worth doing will be a grind
paying for this clown
sleeping w/ a migraine again , omg I can cry rn
I'm heartbroken
Having my Afro played in is at the VERY TOP of my bucketlist!
My birthday is in 4 days buttttttt nganong dili ko excited?
I had a dream i did some payback bs and got caught instantly . I had to run with my phone and everything that
Desperate need of my nails doing
He's still weird af Miss him so much
Why is time dragging
People are so mean
This is how I put on two dresses sizes
Girl yes try it
tmw is about to be a trip
Watch the day I get my first check not even going to touch it lol im going to save my money
She don't love me no more
Yeahhhh, no church for me tomorrow
Rockets win made me feel somewhat better bout Astros not making it to the World Series
You are absolutely stunning Kirsten! you dare ever feel otherwise! wrong hun?
so hot
Why I sleep
emotional
Apparently these girls were stalking him
finallY the episode we needed eng subs, I'll be waitin gratefully
Being a multi is hard! Too many comebacks to watch
My roommate is drunk and loud
Idiot
As a TSM fan myself, I never thought I'd say this but this might be true
baby come back
you can blame it all on tea
i was wrong
and i'm just cancelled without you
the most delirious person in the world I just went along with it thank god I catch
Diem gak! Gw pusing nih
My man just fried the FUCK out that chicken like it 3 am
sorry miss you love you why are you up?
Oh hellllll naw 3? Bihhhh, pink house we goin !
I have to pee so bad. Chris and Bam taking forever to come
I always think the worst ..
eaten since breakfast. So. Hungry.
I absolutely hope you recorded this moment
changing my number was so long overdue thank god i finally did it
This air coming through the window feels so good.
Bolsover job would be a challenge! Nil points!
Dude for real. And he only gave us a 3 day warning to prepare ourselves??!
Ayno
takes photos of you while you sleep and posts them with the caption "Piggy is snoring SO loud tonight "
Oh fucking hell. Someone give a hug. She is having to interview that imbecile
At all but thanks
mam pano kausapin si crush?? Open ur mouth the say hello?
Drunk and hungry
Little mix - love on the brain (cover)
I had a much needed, but ill-timed nap this evening. Wide awake at 2am.
I fall back asleep
MACAN Band - Pisham Bekhand
So been together for years but none of his friends or family knew? Oh okay..
Hurry b4 we run out of time
Can people stop about lightstick 3.0?
and leaving England tomorrow fml
over being drunk! This must stop
The NBA was lit tonight & I missed it like a looooseer
I relate to this on a spiritual level
I jus want my bed
I relate to this on a spiritual level
Can people stop talking about lightstick 3.0?
Papi brought post Malone and yg
been trying to get out of bed for the past 3 hours lord your weather bad timing though
me getting in your suitcase next time you go there because I wanna go over there and see my cousin
nothing is worse than when you drunk as hell & go to sleep
mood as fuck forever
Nothing like walking into your ice cold apartment bc you forgot to turn the heater on when you left
I deserve this cheat meal
i want a daddy to spoil me and watch me cum for him
I was so willing to let temporary sexual satisfaction fuck up the bigger picture & mfs wasn't even close to
Yea no gotta get out of the south . My ass almost just hit a whole aaa deer on this drive
I got my ass handed to me today. but also had one table not leave me alone and kissed my hand as he left
First time meeting my dads new girlfriends family, I got absolutely fucked and made a tit of myself how embarrassing
I want some straight hair
Okay no I just saw 2 girls walk past in RT merch. Stop it. Go away. I just escape it can I
Most times we guys know . We have to find out. Consent is key
Abe got haters now
butuh piknik
I have Gordon on FF. My league is so strapped for RBs that if Gordon is out, I have to start Jusczcyk.
He was battling corruption
she's Glowing
I miss my mama soooo much at a time like this she would know what to say
Too much
I could either skip class or not sleep all night but I gotta go to the Disturbed and Three Days Grace concert in January
Shit A Star is Born had me bawling. chopping onions
My head hurt so bad
with tiyan pa welcome
I just had a google of the time zone - looks like actually at 10am here
sleep guess up all night
I wish I could just call you damnit
How did I miss that??!! Ugh
I had to put it on my wall going loveeeeee waking up to it every morning
im trying my best
I jus seen a big ass spider bro ready to move
Just got into a accident ... GREAT !
I been this sleepy and irritated in so long idk how I plan to make it until 6pm lord be with me
Need my tiddies sucked on
picking my son up tomorrow
Starting to feel myself get sick
And still on the couch So comfy
My body is so sore
I realize 3 already. Binge watching is something serious
Ote worse than stalking Instagram and accidentally liking a photo
i want some off white converse
Why am I up
the fact that jowaun gotta baby on the way just really got me in my feelings
raining hard af
I miss my best friend. But he Fw me rn
called flowers! get it right
I'd rather starve
please like or retweet i NEED to be healthy but i NEED motivation as well
I just wanna get in the bed
AaahI only have half a bottle of Jack left that won't ge me to sleep now!!!
It's getting to that time of year when 9 year old asks for this to be put on...
If my kid sleep until 7am cry
she loved nick robinson in
baby driver, some of his best work
That was possibly one of the worst hangovers ever had
.... said the same person who had the and to comment on ig pic out of nowhere. papansin lang?
only thing i hate about weekends is if you call out you gotta make it up on a weekend you are off i refuse to
Lol if I slap u ehn broke ko. Baby come and bless me
I need help
Swerving from donghyuk to junhoe to lane for the past 3 days.
Hanbin ah sorry hoe.
Love listening to lil durk at this time
Really been fighting this sleep just took a nap and now i ainf got nobody to talk to
My Lyft driver is using so much habitual be
Guys... Is there any photoshop video apps? gotta film a self-tape today and I need fixing up!!!
Stood outside work having a tab and 2 pigeons are fighting about my head and now just burnt myself trying to waft them away
how cute
I made it to my sheets lord only knows i was ready.
She said if she was in the club she took all my money
and see, I almost let dude slip through my fingers He was persistent and I giving him the time of
not easy but the bed is worth it
been moving since 7 this morning .. time for some good sleep
wth did allen and ingrid just made me play linamon na ako ng township
"You can't attack me with Toby's handsome, cute, hot, and charming photos"
My heart tells me otherwise
Nobody be up with me.
My whole wig came off
Waiting for the boom
Also I would like to say iPhones ARE KNOWN TO BE CRACKED . I remember whey I like them
Kai & coco got together to hang out & I realized I missed them
I want stix
feeling it now Mr. Krabs
I cant believe it cuz
Someone please come with me to see drake
Mono with reversed letters also could be the 'moon'. ==> Are we the moon ???
Okay ... I'm going crazy
AT ALL so easy to put two & two together on here
I had a good time with the fam!!! been a minute wait until I can really go in tho 6 more months lol.
really got my ass craving a number 16 from whataburger
so cute
Ugh.
if you were Jewish maybe
Low key wanna shoot my shot but nahhhhhh idk
been constantly throwing up for two hours now my stomach hurts so bad omg
i watched david's and liza's old videos and it just made me miss my boyfriend so much more than i already do ugh
you really got me there angel
Girl it makes me cringe I stand it! I see how that hurt them.
I got one! How are we supposed to live without 50Gs a month????
Who was this man
Aww I love this so much
Bring me next tiempo
Frontal and parietal lobes hard at work to construct non-ikea furniture
Asdagf she was talking about skin undertones and why do I have to have hives I could have been freshly smacked instead
When you were fucking peoples husbands
Imagine if people actually took a cool minute to think before opening their mouth to say something ignorant!!! A CONCEPT
Dam an Indonesia I saw the tree line n thought tsunami SOB!
Laaro kutu Sunday nitori Olorun
just tryna sell clothes
Work again feel like always there
I really need some icecream in my life
have never felt more single in my entire life until I rode by myself at psycho path
Andise jelly!
been here for 13 hours now
My fucking ceiling fan just stopped working!!! I sleep with that on every damn night. now burning up.
Too many assessments that I can't keep up
My mom talking bout she wait till she have a granddaughter like mama wait
When you win one good argument against your friend and you suddenly think you'll become an amazing lawyer
Literally cannot write this essay and like all I need to do is pass it and good but I have no motivation
3 tings with me
hate when ppl be try to get my attention. like I SEE YOU IM IGNORING YO STUPID ASS
Shit is about to hit the fan
You're killing me with your cuteness. I can't handle it Seunghee.
Want a frappe or smoothie
ikrrrr. tho more concerned about the little hearing HAHAHA. Concerts are so loud!!
bolehla ni
I wait till off again so i can babysit my Godchild
Too much information there from Steve Perryman...
Been at work since 2pm and get off until 6am
went into morphe and walked out with just a pair of scissors
I regret eating so much now my stomach is killing me
Class 5pm
Excited nko sportsfest pero 2 days ra ulol
Why did I agree to work tonight
you were supposed to remind me to send you a video of me playing
Big TALK I hope people are taking screen shots If you know you know
Some bodies are so nice, they look good in just about anything
I STAN
Went to sleep too early
My chest is still burning
I just need my money to be right so I can stop fucking working like this
none of mine
in need of a massage
sm be on my mind
Me either
afrojane: localstarboy: The whole room when Kendrick takes over offended at how on point this is
what I did with my irls
been a while since the last time I got dick I need to find myself a boo or fwb
7 come any sooner
Just realized how much I love my own space having my own time, doing my own things
I have time during the week I need to do it now
traffic
huh, i can't with your art
im in love
i take it you're watching Shane's series
Jongin loves ki*ling me
My hard headed ass opened it anyway
TYus - Billboards
So much pent up masturbation
I was sooooo tired at work and now that home I sleep, ugh
My baby wide awake
This is so hot
She knows I love kerabu bcuz it has spicy & sour taste s u f f e r r i n g is real
ugh so ready to be loved on. my body needs it
jk baby looks so confused here... my heart
at loss of words, fucking gorgeous
Oh no Alistair Campbell on your show time to wash my hair
been craving subway and korean for weeks also, i need some kimchi :") i question why my sisters restocked the
finally home , I never been so ready to lie down .
My twitter dry tonight. No notifications
Awwwwwwn!
God I see what you have done for others
can i treat u icecream nanti if you just directly tell me the answer?
had a full night of sleep in months
My stomach is hurting
traumatized like a mf
so rough crawling out of bed for work.
i think i been patient for to long ... hopefully the wait almost over
I sleep hmu
why you so beautiful ily <3
Like the entire makeup is editing?
Aww dude my bad .. I used to be high asf back then
I miss sleeping on my stomach already
A blast but sorry i was so sleepy yesterday i don't have the energy to talk
Time: 09:00 Works for 2 hours, checks time 09:50
I be Tryin My hardest Not tl think about Rell Thats Jus a Hole My Heart Gone forever Have
On my way back to the trap
Bitch if you getchoooo LOOKIN ASSSSSS !
I be up so late
My bed feels so empty and giving me anxiety and I sleep please come back
I really be up my eyes feel heavy
is dropping forms everyday bad
Why would a patch green v and miss a class night mungo likes
Kapan gw ternotis ensitih
Enoughhhh
just 25?!
His voice fall in love ahh gini
back to normal tomorrow
not the right time im broke
What a queen how are you so gorgeous?? LIKE HOW
No ways that is happening any time soon. You are banned from coming to my house or getting me intoxicated.
want to do anything today... but work at 4
Man gonna regret this shit tomorrow morning
Today but basically yesterday my day ! So much shit was happening at once
Tuesday need to go ahead and hit so I can know good!!
oh fuck. i logged on to my online class in almost a week i forget still in school and my grade is so good too
Who wakes up at 4am starving
I left ma for day just 1 day!!! And flooded!!! & this gurl gotta sleep 2 uk?
These 4am street lights be taking decades to change
you pray for everyone, but do they pray for you?
3:18am n up STARVING
just so unaturally hot man
I know baby been looking for his ninny, mommy breasts are so full they hurt
NIALL FUCKING SHOW ME YOUR FACE I MISS YOU
Not enough homework to get me thru the night... dying slowly
This homework killing me
Me I feel like concerned with everyone else somedays
Tonight made me realize how much I miss going out. A bish is tired!
irresistible
Yeah it is still attached just did too much
THIS BOY HAS MY HEART PLEASE HE IS JUST SO CUTE
sis i literally have no intention to make u salty
Nagiisang matinong picture nung fieldtrip
I love when my man just lays down next to me and admires me makes me feel beautiful
Ima make some gorgeous ass babies like this lil one I waittt
i forgot to tweet this yesterday
we out here starving
Why are you putting assorted (roundabout, shaki, etc) in okro?
out at parties tonight, damn i feel left out
You bad for me
I swear
Seat??? Fucking hell hate seated gigs. That was down the swanny
I have a super hot girlfriend that I love so much
Next year is looking so expensive but here for the enjoyment
No wonder so the kitty was just like
Epic downtime lawd
been horny af recently.
i will miss this view every morning
This is exactly why i watch anything scary because been doing the same thing it got me
Me 3 hours ago but I gave in
I have two nice thing that I know you will most definitely buy
Can't wait to be able to show up to family parties with a boo
And theeeeennn Bitch, let her & Ja get together ....
The good doctor
We need to! long overdue
I almost though san diego turned you soft lmfaoo but yasss she do, just once to show these whores
TOO BRIGHT
It really sucks rockin w no clan, hopefully I can get right w a clan someday
I have no energy to go on the house
Lil baby woke me out me sleep for what I thought was heart burn but ended up throwin my insides up
I really wanna see it but shook
So a girl to do when she needs loving too
Currently resting my head on one and it's so nice ! Thank you
U can buy me ice cream once u get the answer bc once u do u gonna love that text
Ffs kill me This is the problem with always fucking high.
I even have that much to drink but bc I been eating that much the liquor got to me quick
when you view her snaps is when know rubbish
I had the weirdest dream ever, gross
I wish somebody could drive me around later today
7 days of drinking has destroyed my skin
Craving right now
So they are posting selfies and i better see a Hyuck selfie today
sbb khamis tu form5 graduation
Niggas forgot about 56 nights, Beast Mode, and DS2 all in the same year
I asked my father for money I am prepared to get disappointed
just ready to lay down
Matt Murdoch has the worse luck ever
I love her!!! But this movie did nothing for her
First going to miss Black Coffee in East London and now Da Capo too!
Dust and things alike
Why am I up
Few more weeks and I get to leave everything and everyone
No. But thank you for sharing.
want to be under him so bad
Slightly concerned my cat has reblocked or is heading in that direction. & Of course it has to be on the weekend, at least Sunday.
Exactly
i want to make a joke about how hard it must be to have a glee fan for a brother but it's just not taking shape
When started singing in Shallow during a Star Was Born the chills hit immediately
you think I'll make it in 5 minutes if I go walking right now??
i wish i had someone to take my boots & pants off rn, bc im slumped
I wanna be high laid up rn
How tf is it already Sunday tomorrow
Of course I cum fast! I got fish to catch
Zombies crashed at round 38. Why?!
blocking Ibe fa! I am done
I miss loc
going to miss Black Coffee in East London and now I missed Da Capo too!
Baby shower food after the club
Jgh
I should be sleeping
There's not much cruelty-free brands in my city that I have to order online and wait for a month
Always falling asleep on me
you ever seen a shorty so fire? BECAUSE I HAVE
Lemme go to sleep I got a hair appointment at 10
Maaf chanhee, aku oleng dulu ke jacob
Whoa I missed this
my baby finna be 7 years old damn shit idk if old or just had him young
true, beaus it was John Reynolds I thought he was gonna cry
I want to do this one day
I need a day of not doing anything
In Korean, smile means and angry means .
Overwhelmed
I wait for my man to get off i miss him
Fat ass blunt
that shower
Why up eating ice
Going to be a long 13 hours in work today
just charged me for master card monthly fee I tot there was a resolution to this effect
Both of my babies not feeling good I hate this so much
pls do something with this...
not very nice
More sleep, less study.
beautiful BEAUTIFUL but imagine if the yellow was green... be like the tahitian powerpuff girls :o
I stay wishin I had a bbygirl to go to dances with
The ending to The Haunting of Hill House got me all kinds of fucked up !! Where's season 2
his side profile;;;; he's so pretty
That "Just Got Dicked Down" sleep be the best!
My room is so hot
really up like why
WhatsApp should make an option for people who want to sent pics with quality without compressed it too much. Its 2018 already
I hate these feelings of wanting to cut my hair into a bob but then wanting to grow it out longer
On This Day , at 4:59 pm I met the LOVE of my LIFE a 8 pound BABY watching you grow have been the best
You blessed
so much looking forward to I really just wait
Hennessy gives me the worst heartburn
true, true!! ugly shoo shoo! okay, what if they were luck i
it was over with once I hit that bed
The haunting of hill house is soooooooooooo good. Scared the fuck out of me but worth the watch.
No Rest For The Wicked 8-8s
hyucks hair
Stomach hurting
I miss cuddling
buncis cabe
Same. I seem to fall asleep
Joonie
Es geht nach Hause...
so exhausted I sleep FR
I miss my boyfriend
Theyre so sweet
dont forget me when ur famous
Why am I up?
doing things the right way this time so taking me a while... but man God is about to bless me tremendously I feeeelllll it!
my 2 fave teams
Went straight to Chris face he expecting it
Okay off to terminal
Where to start when it comes to packing
When someone you can't have on Twitter.
I did forget an appetizer & they do have animal style tots
By the time they are done, Africa go hear word
Wait I know you were dying to get those tickets what happened?
First time in years gotten drunk with work the next day... I now remember why I do it!
can he STOP being this cute i want to live
me? in love? hell yeah, without a doubt.
Corbyn government
How the hell is Coraline a kids film, scary as
bb got all teary eyes
Wait till you get in stand and have to know more than the classic 7
When she assures you without even asking why is she so fucken amazing
This guy asked for my number at 7/11 but friend was cuter
i dont know that
So I should have gone wlays yesterday...
Which one can we now trust?
A friend learnt from her and her works look just the same.
Someone should suggest a place with SUPER AMAZING WAFFLES in Lagos
The decision between getting up to make food or chill in bed & continue my sleep
Soon shit
That tacoma the track got me itching hard for one of my own
Hope the littlest babe catch my pneumonia
HAYS SABI KO NA EH MAY BALAK TO, INGAT KA TEH.
its like my number is probably saved as ticket supplier
youu dont understand when it come to you this shit is deeper then feelings man ...
my baby looking damn fine
BUT HE'S LOOKS SO HOT HERE
at least we got each other
My a mess, feel like a fucking car crash
I honestly stand that girl she is always on my feed
Woke up in the middle of the night choking on my own sick wtf why do I get so drunk
I just want my man & get to him tonight
Go to sleep sis
my legs are throbbing
Wooooow I was so drunk last night
That shower was amazing if only a massage came after it
4:45 where are you
tru
Wooooow I was so drunk last night
You taking the piss, open EVERYDAY apart from Christmas and surprised we even get that off x
laying down
I want to go back to straight hair like this
need to be laiddddd upppppp
The fan gotta be on for me to go to sleep
When you single life is hard without it lol
I miss my baby my only friend omg so bored without her I woke her up
Rugby union went soft the moment that player other year got caught using blood capsules
Vacation hours are needed
on for my 21st
Me and husband. And Sophie Drake
Let me ease your mind
Fuck, elote sounds rn
My arm hurts sm cause this weather
Reallyyyyy wanna apply for X factor tickets for next Saturday bc off but be able to travel down
Diamond
I'm disgusted by you tho
I KNOW, but they're so nice!
Yessss
I just want a regular sleep schedule
All I want is to be getting my back scratched while being cuddled
What is seen cannot be unseen
This tweet is too real
Bitch you dumber than I thought , dizzy bitch
I did ASOS next day delivery to arrive today. I have to leave the house by 1:30pm. This will not work out well for me
Is it bad the only one I could name was Keith Lee?
Not ready for the hangover gonna get tomorrow
ik ready to k/o
My cat legit does not leave me alone! I wanna be alone
ROS pa!!!!
what is toxic for you?
pasagot naman
I was same when i went out, pinstripe trousers, nice loafers, and a Ralph Lauren shirt (you can buy them in sports direct now)
How do you make me feel how never felt just by looking at me?
Keogh in mid season form then
My sister just sent over what she wants for Xmas and everything is over what is she expecting
i want my baby home now ... this shit only hit me at night
I really trying
I need a nap now!!
I miss going to church out here I have no excuse but I really have been busy
i wanna hit on summit so bad
still wanna go back to london later
no one can convince me theyre not in love
After being here for more than a month and a half, I still forgot the shops would be closed today Wondering
sleep really aint been fucking w me
honestly 4:29 am thoughts
2018 and still called MR?? Kipling cakes??? I hate to be THAT snowflake but
Haihhhh I miss my baby
Why am I up
C R A N K
Drunk off ciroc & I had a beer fml
Rondo giving out fades on Labrons opening night
Almost 2AM and my family still going at it and just trying to sleep
I know late, but deeply in love with Stiles Stilinski
Hahaha top restaurant then you know I love my food, hate to be dissapointed.
Bartender probably mixed 5 drinks in one
I miss my siblings
My body is so tired & all i can think about is what we have to do tomorrow
I need to k.o
The rest of the day, either doing work at the Library or elsewhere + eating out. Side note: My been out of control too, ffs.
fav hairstyle on seongwu
Sometimes i wish i knew what the future holds for me
Need to go to Drake concert
even lose weight when am poorly
I needed to hear this
Sam brought me one
Please
I don't want to see taehyung sad too
When you just want the night to end
I remember forgetting my food in a taxi one time. I was stoned and I was impatient to get home and eat my burger kanti noor
proper cba to anything
I really know how I be handling myself without sleeping and working so much
Man I really like but they crap on people from SO. MUCH.
people who self diagnose illnesses for attention are seriously fucked up
well damn scratch that they have scheds on the 23rd, 24th and 26th
He never cuddles this hard Do think happy to be home with me ??
This what grown ppl with money do
When you wanna text him but yk that Nigga mean you no good but the mouth works wonders
Pele! Just prep something ASAP. even too tired to make anything sef. I was put up until 3am
gotta shopping addiction
Mixed feelings
I got a beautiful ass daughter, nobody tell me shit. I really love being a mom, I love her w everything in me,
Really miss you pls notice my tweet
i be the only one terrified of Michael Myers
Im just now getting in
Mood
\
( (>
_/ \_
Really need to get up & help Paul do work on our house .... Literally hate house renovating now... did it all our lives
A whole day on my own with nothing to do
Sold out
gOD, Jungkook's smile I'M ABSOLUTELY 100% DEVASTATED
My Back Hurting
my sex drive is at an ALL TIME high
said this before and say or again naps cure a multitude of ills sending you lots of love
Texas calm down with this cold my anemic ass handle it
Need sex right now
Booty club
Missing my pups
I should of paid attention in math class, but no I was too busy ditching and realized how much I didint need math
I just always want really proper, greasy food on a Sunday
Do ever read a persons tweet in their voice and get annoyed because their voice is annoying ? Or am I just sleepy
Torchhh
The sweetest sobrang matampuhin yet he still manage to bear with my attitude Me iz lucky hehez imysm!!!
And today my voice has completely gone!!
Really do but to bad I have a man
so sore from working out
omg ikr?? but she caught my attention first because somehow her voice reminds me of eunwoo's!! and her
pray this food sobers me up
Thanks for getting stuck in my head for the past 3 days
right now im at a very low point in my life.
omg you are too sweet ily Tashae!!
Is it crazy that I miss you
High sex be having be freaked out
Honestly because, bare tsenya dibati dilo tsee
You know you're getting old when
Kookies sweet laugh tho the most precious cutie
It was, and resulted one the one time he took a player on. The fleck run was poor on so many levels
Bih kan u talk faster? I got things to do
I know it's 4am and I should sleep, but there was an update and I wanted to put Lillian in the new outfits
So kapoy to make follow ulit my gosh gs feels
main topic sa room
BTS really are the best bunch of boys on this planet wow
ion wanna freaking adult dammit. i just want my car
be out as soon as I make it home
my bf going call i say so how was your day ... i just up & said I WANT SOME HEAD oh how i miss him
Finally, natauran njd wifi and the monthly bayranan starts... pero geh lng
Must be nice
the worst feeling ever but it will also be the best way to do on the other side
ever just want tell somebody , fuck it you mines !!! No if , ands or buts
Thank you lord for all the generous people around me maliit man o malaki, sobrang thank you po
I hate these overnight shifts. Ya girl needs sleep
I Go Back To Sleep
do you love me is a good song too
believe how impossible it is to get hold of a ticket for next weeks game
a foot massage would be nice rn
completely and utterly for this we started off as close friends face ass
Anyone wanna come to Clovis and rub my legs? my legs are so tight
Second best!
peep the tea cakes
Thinking of ordering something from fashion nova
I wanna have this mans kids
Some wings and pasta would be so clutch right now
I miss my sandy boi
!! Baekhyun in a ebi tempura outfit is way too cute thank you for bringing this in!
God dammit why my name is part of that cancer
tuesday to friday pajd kay intrams nah
Nnn, 10:35 am here. about to get some sleep while waking up, I-
VERY carefully I cut it off - it appeared a thick ring of hair had got stuck on the end of him and was cutting in. Ouch!
ppl are camping out already
PLEASE i still can't watch the new episode
cg reply naman di puro seen lang hehe imy!!
namjoon is so beautiful
i swear leave her alone kids
Hahahahaha! I promise try... the arrogance just gets me every time and how can I say no?!
can we also talk about outfit here white tees are doing him the justice
Gurl fuck being nice that shit u nowhere fast
I choose all beautiful
How's Ivictory?
Damn watch haunted on Netflix, I sleep
Worlds is aging me
oof joel be like boo boo the fool when he jumped down that stage hun what'd you do that for
Why am I hoping for something I know is not gonna happen?
the matter whether squirrel or deer he makes me just is me
Roddy ricch so fyeee
Viva mais sofra menos
IT WAS NEVER COOL THO!!!
Love this look at how the bird loves the lady!!! quite beautiful vid thanks Mina
So tired and exhausted
I sleep
So typical
Why still up
Idk if it was worse having 1 foot over 1 hand but in so ready to be healed and only 4 days post Op
I just need my baby
Bitch I almost forgot how Good I looked in these pictures dripping chocolate
Trynna find a way to sleep comfortably while having my foot elavated on this bus is not the business
legit had the worst night sleep ever and now gotta do an 8 hour shift with annoying customers on a sunday just wanna sleeeeep
there was a spider in my car
girls need love in my ass
Wow this is really college
Why is it so cold already
For god sake why was this even my Facebook status
I can help to the cause
fall for it
caught my sub.
I wanna hear your voice
3 consecutive days magkasama and it still feels like it enough OH MY GODDDD pwede ba forever andito si karl
Damn Thanos got Luke Cage too
FINALLY a new jk meme
Umm not eating pickled fish or raw fish
I never catch these great moments on streams
6 figures I was only 4
Mexican parties never end
i want a daddy to spoil me and watch me cum for him
i always wonder how close BTS are with theyre stylist and make up artist that they look fondly at them. so
i lowkey thought it was a dick im sorry for my dirty brain
Yes, let's ignore him
We must be focus to our boy..
Bir da olsun please
Second season season was way better and the cliff hanger left me wanting more
upset
I just wait until I can do whatever I want mannn
So tempting to get pancakes after the gym
The young Murph and Coop bedroom scene before he leaves
super tired tonight and my Monday at work
Moving is SO exhausting and expensive so tired, but I can hardly contain my excitement to be officially living w my besties
my eyes are sooo dry
Whew I need a drink
And not a single reviewer was read, not a single word typed for transcription
v103 is my favorite radio station to go to sleep to
5th of February
where you at?!?
The fucking mud
Eeeeew I had to check them out - chewing gum stained Lycra
Why am i under 800 now
Ki was so cute and chubby I really miss when he was small.
di rin papatalo are 10-Fidelity!
actually so anxious, I know why I did this to myself
Love u
Second season was way better and the cliff hanger left me wanting more
My hottie, leave for you
Lemme just follow u so we can use the Dm
Come thru,
If it is what i think it is....
More nukes!?
This is my nightmare.
drank a large ice coffee, now i cant sleep
i want my piercing back now this will be my 5th time getting this shit , after this done lol
so tired but wide awake tho
Lmao disgusted in myself
Bruh Disneyland this Christmas is a must
why you being a creep
Watching and the church scene with apple and her dad I
so ready to fall asleep
Yes I was on Fawkner
You mean all those days that a full chicken is cooked it's out here thinking they are treating visitors kanshi
How I feel bout
Worst back pains ever
Second season was way better and the cliff hanger left me wanting more
My tiny bubs
Two bottles of prosecco and a night of metal music... Do I have a headache?
Of course I have a headache
Implementing the is going to be super easy. All we have to do is sit back and complain.
Being called mommy is just so rewarding...and get me started on the random i love yous >
send manlikeDave to get diaralyte.. have a headache from dehydration if you use
Lmao. Can be annoying actually . just bored
If you love me or even like me a little bit please bring me a soy chai latte. I need some caffeine
I hate feeling like this
Kidney pain is sucks
50 dollars to fill my tank.. hurt
ACTUALLY missing mine too, IF I CRUSHED THEM IN MY SLEEP
Why did I ever agree to babysit this late knowing I open tomorrow
talk about the beauty that jumps out in jung hoseok
Jesus
I need to watch the BET Cyphers asap
My mom came home late and woke me up and now I'm hungry
i have colds again & i hate being sick
My sweet tooth is in overdrive
I blame that yellow guy and his gaah'damn shots
rhodahmusic:
".....this is what you do when you're about to realise a single ooh no I guess am
In my defense they were next two each other and I concentrating
I thought theories are over im tired
Delia Smith
craving for some cheese fries
Feels good to be in bed rn
Why is a child's hand there?
If piggybank would just let me unlock this savings
belated happy birthday!!! i love you so much super miss na din kita. i know you always do
Headache
had a look online but take so much longer & only there for a day so I wanna make the most out of it..
The website link isn't working for me
We need more global warming!
homecoming is a whole mood
camille is getting to experience what a mess i am and we even met yet
It's never too early. Strap yourself in. It's going to be a long day
jk you are kill me
this boy so cute
now wtf is this God dey
leaving my other half for two weeks, coming back and leaving again for a week only reason I hate going away
Edgar has the ugliest picture of me sleeping and he still be thinking me sleeping in the cutest thing ever ahhh
If it was two girls no one should have said anything
Tell him to bless me next
Other soups
71 hrs too long
People in this generation forget kissing is the ultimate foreplay
She kept her mouth shut. Bolti hoi kitni buri lag rai hai. LRT
Factssss
people need to get on my level
Thanks
I wish Uber Eats would deliver to Bursledon. I need a breakfast
I'm bored so help me out
My brother just got home from the club and still up doing homework
Up watching until I .... Have to be up early for this watching party and prep this food
My nephew just gave me the biggest hug . I needed that , least I know he loves me ..
I seriously know why my ass is seriously hungry!
I need to go to sleep i of never went to a club
I miss Cristy.
I want some baked Mac and cheese...for once
i have such a bad headache
i have to have a son before i have a daughter
So happy to bed in my bed
Already lost it this morn and not even 10am
That is a lie
Guys I stayed up for 22 hours and FUCKING HELL IM SO OLD
Really annoying that I felt ill though the night, so I go cycling and look at the weather lovely and sunny
going on Been walking about aimlessly for 40 mins and all seen are pidgeys
very unproductive day for me
even the smallest particle inside my body knows that i really want to be a psychologist that bad.
watch my ass touch the ground getting down to this shit
Why anyone tell me fairy tail is back
Bitches Catch They Nigga And Still Stay With Em DUMB DUMB Okay With Sharing Dick
The good thing our fandom is awake for them snakes
But its not gonna be the same without the money system
little hat, oh my goodness
yall i took my answer albums parcel my aunts house finally
Its like temperature is increasing day by day!
I forgot I have the boss coming from Sydney tomorrow and staying all week.
Highlights of Wolves v Watford on MoTd. That first goal straight through Coadys legs Nuno honest about poor
Only thing I hate about going out is I gotta home alone
I just wanna be home in bed already
Tom sure your cooking is great but I miss
i just want a foot massage
I wish my baby stay in Macon
Why is it so cold?
Uh can someone help me with physics this is getting on my nerves
Priscila really sent me this
Why do I feel like constantly behind on uni work not enough hours in the day
a chumby indeed!!
Idk how you do it
i need a massage.
Your bestie on the right is a cutie
Why did the gogo dancer gotta flirt with me like that tho
Hardly any sleep = headache
Sleeping for too long = headache
Sleeping for 8 hours = not enough for me
tired
babyboy send me vms of you singing
i love that shit
I am too damn thirsty for bellinger
Bitch YOU know I KNOW .. bitches know they place & be set trippen like a hoe then wonder
i want to get tatted so bad!!
Circle K clutch for not IDn me
When you think about all the glasses of patron and had!
I deadass know what to be for Halloween now
Bae you addictive & I need you
Another 3 hours of BIR stuff.
really just wide awake
You right, been forever
Watch me trying to ruin all the theory connection of izone's debut with logic
I'm so tired
Yellow / Purple / Orange / Green ?
this baby
this really was the prime time of my life
cravinggggg for isawww
wowza I look real ugly compared to the other girls he talks to
KOK KRITERIANYA AKU BANGET
I want my own symbiote now
Damn I wish I was getting sum
Leave my Wifi forehead alone
WHY AM I AWAKE RN
Dama ai u will say that since kaima namiji neh
Bouta just take a steaming shower & see if it makes me feel better
a ridiculously hungover state this morning. In need of some definite love from someone please
Omg pls send me pics I know you post her monthly on ig & fb Bt not on them
Least we make the media it even came up as a stuff alert on my phone just so I miss it
I'm sorry this might be last unveil I wanna feel it ktgkfk you're so brave
Waking up to the taste of alcohol is disgusting
I hate being up at this time
Really laying here crying
I CANT SLEEEEEP
from san pedro to alabang, heavy traffic. pero umabot na ng canlubang jusko
I need this funk to lift. I hate getting overwhelmed and feeling like this
Went to the kitchen to eat ended up cleaning instead my body ready
Exactly
i love you, ty!
I feel so exhausted
I just want cuddles and snacks and a back rub
my some good ole vitamin D had my ass knocked out right now oh how i miss sex
How I wish I was there
Just up for no reason
I miss my honey
go away Tate!! ALL I WANT ALL I HAAAAAAVE GO AWAY!!!
Yiza uzoyibalanc-a
he gotta be so darn cute during his
I woke up craving some garlic noodles with some spicy ass shrimp lemme go back to sleep
this the truth!
im drunk af and ain drunk nothing but my daiquiris all night
Never thought make it home lol
What are you saying about my crush
My body can not handle vodka anymore. I feel like my stomach is actually gonna fall out today
and my lil cousin join event ke apa how did she have so many jungkook
Why must this be promoted?!
i missed them so much! how i wish, youjin was there too oh well, so as i have said, i missed them so much!
I honestly miss T-ara , Miss A , 2Ne1 , and 4minute so bad :( all of them already disband
Oof a bad bitch
2019 DOST-SEI Undergrduate Science and Technology Scholarship Examination Done. Hutaaaaa kapanginit ng pwet. Asnsakot pa sa leeg.
bright special delivery
jungkook really has me going through it at 10am,, look at the scrunched up eyes
and gotta make a collab album. Imagine the sauce
I miss my boyfriend
What can be more fancy than this? You want to have Cardi B on your. Cake??
My favourite picture ever taken
are so wrong for this
Motion sickness flights are absolutely terrifying
got so many gifts I need to post to people but I keep forgetting you know who you are, coming
Why is history repeating itself
I had fun tonight Mia was such a big help, from telling the ugly niggas no when they walk up to me in the club,
Enough yall, im dying
October 31 hmmmpf
Kinda wishing I offered to do overtime today
man some good ole vitamin D had my ass knocked right now oh how i miss sex
How am i just getting home rn from work
I feel like I see in a min sis , so damn cute
Idk why i chill sangat this weekend.....damn should have went out instead
Omg this emoji is my life
palpitation sucks
Cuffing szn bout to trap me lmao
I should be asleep rn
story of my life
I need a new phone
Went to a haunted house tonight and hurt my ankle. I cannot walk without assistance.
Messaged them in hopes of
Thanks, just hope it passes soon! I'm drained
my moma always tryna convince me to do my hair so late now i have to try to be up for church in a few hours
But it was worth it
I just want my ass rubbed on
you just crave presence? I wait to cuddle every night!!
My looks aren't cutting it out for me
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
adorable!!
I secandemotion
Petite conne
i've eaten this whole crockpot of taco soup by myself
Nope. I'm blocked. I can't see shit.
been up for more than 20 hours now
i feel like crap and i sleep
As in ehn they no go wan give you your phone back
Woke up drenched in sweat idk why I cut the air off before I fell asleep ... Now I fall back asleep
My throat hurts sooo much but the party was litty
My baby was crying how you know she was excited blessings
ugh.. I lowkey miss talking with him like shii
idk what im doing still up
Been on cloud nine but imma be sad when her flight leaves tonight
YHA GIMANA YAA? INI TERLALU GEMAS BUAT DIKANDANGIN. GAK TEGA
never fails to get me in my feels This is the one show I have ever kept up with.
Damn i miss the old Bunji
you're really coming for us females
I work in retail and xmas starts very early for me. Started beginning of october. it kills xmas !!
handle this on a Sunday morning empty tummy such a good boy!
Lol it takes years
still sick over this. Daniel was so fine last night
I wanna protect him so much.
offended
not 20 but yes I relate
Fuhh gentle penat bohh
Gin headache!
I definitely need a fill in
I watched too many mukbang videos and now im hella craving korean food
My feet hurt so bad
Me seeing this and thinking of days I wear sweatpants to class at 8.00am truly need more of this vibe early in
been up since 230.
Wish I was done with my hair already
im trying to read au but i cant focus lets just sleep
The one that i put love, what is that ok now i get more confuse
Leave me please
Bitch should of just ran to get them tired and fight one on one
thinking of switching to or 2 months on sprint and i had service for most of it
Ughh sorry I love drake, and u make me laugh so much, I miss u
apparently only given a week to finish gathering our data + tally so please if you are/know anyone
I Miss My Mama soo Much Man
Fnatic need to bring the comeback. Come on my sons
the squirrel so cute... pahna might be my soulmate
Lmao you are very stupid
I have test tomorrow so I might not be around tonight. Maybe. I feel so nervous for tomorrow tbh. SO MUCH!
I usually drink & be knocked out the problem
I wanna hear nasty
Tryna pep talk myself so I start stressing tf out
by the time i'm done rendering my 3d requirement i'm definitely gonna dr a w
done this in a little while
for the medusa look that you did from before.. what did you use for the snake headpiece? my inspo for halloween
I remember seeing how happy my last ex was when I took him to a boxing match that was my best friend just our timing
I laughed I actually laughed
man been a min
Going on 4am I almost been up for 24 hours
i wanna carve a pumpkin
Btw about new I Miss
i hate when i be up like this
Lets get back to reality
I wait to spend tomorrow w my love we never get weekends together
Baksana
I should just go and cry beside her too
need sweater
tell if my shot keeps being rejected or if he know up?!?!
I got sick last year and it felt like I'd swallowed a razor blade it hurt so much the worst sore
Check the replies to it .. they're all disgusted by it
I'm so sick and now I have to drag myself to the pharmacy
I miss HIM
I wait to meet her
If I had Dwight GIFs on my phone I'd respond but gosh they all so hot. I mean... Simon's hotter... But they're hot too
(I tell if this is gooooood or bad)
I wanna slow down time when im with you
My fat ass wait for Thanksgiving
Lmao pray for me dear
Yooo I really want some besitos rn
Lol I feel a huge difference
Insulin has clearly turned into water this morning wer're short staffed and I need money otherwise I'd use this as an excuse to go home
Same. Every damn time
ASK ME AGAIN!!!! nah but I have sooo many questions??? Whose phone was I typing my name in??
Hints of a new album???? please look up what 'rest' means in the dictionary thanks
Why did you waste the 3 English in one sentence?
Is like you are an Oshozondi?
I was really waiting to see Lauren Conrad
In bed by 12:30 am and now I sleep for crap
so hungry right now
Go for it! Indulge and spoil yourself fok really good
I wait to do shit like this
I slept tired, I woke up more tired
i think my i need my soul took why i been mad lately
Love cats, hate the delayed allergic reaction I get
im not that cute and fluffy
the comments didn't at all provide any clarity
tryna eat some Waffle House & Pussy tuhhh
Especially if big and have many aisles.
Ate a salad before bed now all my stomach burning
Lmaoo can they just get together, have sex and leave feminists alone
I'm not crying
My niece spent the night with me since I was like 37/38 weeks pregnant and I forgot how wild she sleeps feet all in my back
No pls I gotten a solid rest since the week before UP.... no more
Is this too much to ask for
I can't wait to get a job so I can afford this hopefully by her tour
SMFH. Fine. I forgive you.
I feel asleep at 9.45
Almost 5am & i Been Awake Since 3
hearing cases of people using guns in the UK, please keep safe
I need a dog to go with Crash
I miss my bud
Wish I can be laid up
I would drag you but I have things to do, I've set a reminder on my phone to attack you later though
I love babies man
Why do pitta breads get so hot when u toast them, 3rd degree burns
Every time I see Buhari now all I see is Eustace from Courage the cowardly dog. God punish twitter Nigeria
literally ALL my girl & guy friends tell me how picky I am & how many standards I have I understand .. I
I cracked my phone even more tonight
what if i really am blocking my blessings?
Some shit I would do
I need some support, always hunched over. It hurt. I think I got 2+ hours sleep
tryna run this tik tok duet right quick
3 hours time difference soon come smh
Have a great time!! I dream to see this group
We have access to the account yet because it is our landlords and we are still trying to contact them
Is he really that handsome?
I have to fold clothes
Awh.... if it were the then perhaps these expectations would fly
Makabitin fairy tail
I will make one for all my UK students who ,(like me ) are practically dead from GCSEs . Issa drag ik
Take your foot off our necks, man
Ano mesherep keenen? Right now I want bulalo pero syempre I can't have that diba.
French Toast w/ maple syrup
Last night movie was good and heartbreaking at the same time.
At least you look cute I look like an ugly squished squid
deeply in love with this girlshe all I need my everything I love her with everything in me and more
really too early
Hahah big facts
Ugh.
Seen my sensei tonight.
so cold outside rn
crying cus my back and stomach ache so badly pls stop the pain
your tweets always entertain me why would I
It takes me forever to go to the bathroom so much work on these crutches
Josh said that on Friday and looks what's happened
Honestly this show is just everything that I am but also plz can we talk about the fact Chidi is ripped R.I.P me
My friend is trying to pressure me into Hennyfest. Bih I dont rven like Hennessy. I believe anything is possible whilst sober
Regret picking up this shift soooooo bad
Same and I got off of work at 2:30
listen marry me again
in tears every time I do my morning devotional wrong with me but the word of God is just wonderful
Wish I could fall back asleep
I LOVED a star is born SO emosh and how unreal is Lady Gaga???????
I normally crave for mint chocolate chip... but I bought a whole pack & I stop eating them!!
yes ma'am! this is a big fat 24/7 mood only the Best for his tum tum
I woke up completely awake and I was like why.... Ah my body knew when the mirishita stream was
Damn it was going down like this and I missed it
can i die in peace without a struggle
I wish I had every Friday money
Tola, this guy always talking trash about women. A big dense. I'm not sorry.
My Ass Up Bored & Hungry
i love her to death
blu ray price is set! no adjustment
dvd go ending next week~ any questions just shoot me a dm!!
Dear :
YOU NEED !!!
Emotionally, mentally, physically exhausted
I understand why up so early all I know is my body better keep this same energy when I gotta be up for the gym
Cj woke up at 3 am and go back to sleep
I with you but facts tho
Finally home I been up since 7:30am & out the house since 9 ugh
I move out of home and all my family do is send me pictures of them in the hot tub they won
where's the ring.
This fic too
decide between Vertigo or Better both are so good Suncity is soo soothing??
yup!! not all members tho
U looked cute as a baby
LOOK AT THIS BEAUTIFUL ANGEL!!
high asf
I really really need to be more responsible in spending my money, Ang luho ko na recently
went from good to worse real quick
already one of those days can someone take my place at work so j can go back home to bed
Uwwaaa
Many people tall me like that, but why i can't be serious I'm so eazy to get bored i
Why Everytime My Bf Gets Me In My Feelings I Always Say Me, Love
Oh ya tane it too far once again
Finally going to bed
i'm starving from markno, hyuckmin, markmin and hyuckjen au/fic content
ain have sex in a minute
There should be absolute zero tolerance on this, 2018 The irony of that disgusting old cretin hurling
happy birthday i miss you so much, chika soon!!! may you get the happiness you truly deserve,
one day
Someone pulll up with bluntsss
the only meal that i approved in airasia flight is the Uncle Chin's Chicken Rice like istg that shit delicious as fuck
Omg I want everything here
i got a weakness for men with nice ass smiles like even understand
Coba bisa di free transform di andro menantang pasti
It's 5 AM, Nicole's roosters are crowing, I'm still writing my paper and have officially pulled my first all nighter of grad school
sorry sorry my heart is broken too
i still have no clue whether or not i want to read the magicians trilogy before starting the show
Wish somebody could change that though
ehhhhhh I say chivalry is dead. depends on the relationship, what stage at. what kind of
Our celebs are picky & fake AF! They only hype certain people's projects
Remove* yeah still lit
Makes me sick Lucy
What minute?
They should of stood on the cunts heads !!! Makes me sick these poor innocent creatures
back kisses are my weakness
Jonah is that you bby ?
Thank you
I wish I could stop wanting to spend money to cheer myself up
I was hoping that this would be the case.
look at him being precious and after his amazing speech
This woman right here
My little H is exhausted but so cute
help me study history jo
sampled Carl Thomas on his song lucid IT TOOK ME FORVER to figure it out.
Zaida nh hnste
Stressful ass shift I need a drink
I want a claw machine in my house too
I wait until our couches come in I have no friends sleepover rn because ion want tony sleeping on the floor
the air in LA
I know boring with the baby talk but look
I want some meat pies if only Australia was close by lol
Was watching Lascelles off the ball for a bit yesterday. At times
hi, ate cloey! i admire you for staying tough despite of the bashing and such things ingat always and good luck
Just came in up eating chicken nachos so high
I hate reaching anything past 2k+ because all the awful loathing comes out, writing fucking kills the soul
I have no idea why up
look at him being precious n after his amazing speech
Fuck some baby fever I got house fever I WANT A MF HOUSE
awwwww wuv you too shawny thanks
So many house jobs to sort out today
fuck true i love this unplanned marriage
He got your name tattooed on him was you married ?
I never knew I needed this until now
Uhhhh hit me right in the feels when you?!?
My neighbors threw a party AGAIN and I can hear people throwing up take care of your guests smh terrible hosts
jealous of how amazing his skin looks
Woke up the tv was still on, phone was under the dog and my iPad was on the floor
i made it to the concert man.
And they need to bring Different back
Bruh she is so fine omg
Anyone using apple music? I just tried it out and I can't find Monsta X's songs. Very limited songs are appearing on search
Needing a live
Seems to happen more these days
somebody talk to me till I clock out , I am boredddddddd
Nah all you , no seriously before I start my new job in a few weeks ... lmk
raining all crazy n i left my umbrella at work!!!
My heart
i be this lit
The sauce has finished o
ugh mon hero
King size bed >>>>>> in love
Why... just WHY!!!! I need a minute
definitely beat , ready be knocked out
U are so pretty baiii then u're so good mag volleyball omg anon why u make me so kilig char jk lang naa
I miss my babies. 6 more days
Lord Give Me Strength
jisung my baby so cute
sis sorry if you witnessed that
But seriously though where are all the bi guys at?
the water droplets drop on it
Can't wait to
the water droplets drop on it
WHAT? Manny as in the nicest youtuber I know how you ruffling feathers? LOL
Dengue na naman new patient namin. Lapitin ako ng dengue in all aspects of life.
Omg craving grilled chicken from Outback Steakhouse
Ang unproductive ko naman this sembreak tapos marami pa kong school works
Hays
I really miss my nigga
I used to play rocket league for like 2 hours a day for the entirety ofsummer 2015
Like are you joking? actually unreal how beautiful this man is
let this flop
Thank you baby!!! i love you & i miss you more . Bond soon
24 hours
6 days in a row tho
I believe how much of a Falliam shipper Liz is
God is amazing, and always have been but seeing his work unfold in front of my eyes like this, (my daughter) is just like damn
The perfect nose
This is the most intimate Junchan moment we ever got Thai fans sure are lucky to witness this rare moment
My pot head ass
Ohh please God broke right now
My face is peeling
I sleep
Ima be crying tomorrow know I gotta work
nigga ready sleep til tomorrow evening tired
I found my costume
Ah vivement lundi midi
You know
Yeah. I'm actually more irked by all the catch phrases my guy is throwing around.
ready to move
I wanna see this person because
back in hongdae now that was a journey ajskdjd the devotion
Thanks Cee!
Yes, you did.
Craving jollof rice and chicken but I don't have strength to leave this bed
I I only play on PC.
I have 12 (mosquito?) bites all over my legs and they are SO. ITCHY.!!! I sleep send help please
Baby finally goes to sleep
Tell me about it and I've got my wisdom teeth coming through just to make things even worse!
My arm hurts
Never felt better about myself since deleting Instagram a month ago but I do miss the daily dog and tom hardy pictures
I miss student life
When in trouble, I call my nigga
Why does my car hate me
Need ko ata ng ice cream for motivation to start editing the dang vlog
hungry now
ang perfect ni crush
Why I sleep
My gay ass loves this man
I would really love to be in a relationship right now . Really feeling lonely
Wow so I could really go a whole day sleeping if I set an alarm??
Me
Randomly Woke Up
Faosiyat
Can someone help with the meaning?
idk if im a bad friend but
My phone looking so sexy now that i took out the screen protector its feeling so brand new im low key sad im about to sell it.
I always had the biggest crush on her
You know what I love? Las vueltas que te dan cuando bailas
my chest hurt sooo bad
HOY PANAGUTAN MOKO
head before work
I'm sad mo-chan
i wanna be alone but afford to be
Y U SAD??? Instead of him looking at u, u look at him, and enjoy his FUCKING HOT LOOKS
2AM here for me but stream!!!
Where do I make an order for this cuteness?
Headache
My employees always late
Nigga told the squirrel I can not.
D-7 before concert guuuuuys screaming
currently
if she squirting , you doing it right
It felt closer when it was months away so close but further than when tour started, I just wanna be there already
And I should be sleeping
I knowwww jungshook is funny and all but this stuff just makes me want to know his mind so badly
Yeah!! Check his insta story!! with most of the vlog squad
shocks i want! LIZZZ
Stupid I will make you grow! .
.
.
.
.
Love me a yummy girl
Tb to my sisters wedding. That shit was lit
i fucked up my right leg, i cant even fucking walk rn!!
I feel like I'm already tired for tomorrow
Them white women having 7 and 9 and 11 kids those pregnancies.
I am late for that interview
Lol I'm honestly tired now
I hope someone port miui screen recorder that has built-in internal/system audio recorder
i know someone can really be the reason you sleep
Wow, you gon be his lawyer and defend him
Fuck my life
This fuzetea is my fav
Bruh, i sleep like wide awake still for no reason
why am I most productive at 2 am? why I do work during the day?!!
i just wanted to win back some money before going back home tmrrw
If Rich -Brent Jones comes on and you dance then I know for you tbh
How can a Gospel song slap like that
been on the clock since 2pm! I am fucking exhausted!
Being ill really drains energy I have
I just wanna go back to sleep
WHY IS HE SO CUTE
NO YOU DONT DO THAT
okkkk, I go out no more..until next fixing to sleep all day tomorrow
I want this one on Switch
My Muscles Hurt
Wow. Please send me money for upkeep
I have so much joy in my heart now. I love life and I love living
so tired
Thank you bby I miss you!!
Mood rn at work
Been taking my medication wrongly since why I still move
..... never be able to look at a unicorn cake the same way again laaaaa!
I need serious motivation to work today
Thank you bby I miss you!!
I can't wait to get off so I can see my baby
I left my opened bottle in my home girl car last night and she got pulled over now I gotta pay for that ticket
I had to go back to my basic Japanese because Twitter translate is terrible But yes this is how we live
I'm turning 21 this november but I still don't know what to do in my life. Ano na????
Bcp trop
Im so rusty hs, i cant aim in shooters and i cant pull-off combos in fighting games . I also forgot how to play some of my games
It's so hard to keep your mind focused on something nowadays!
I wanna go back to work tomorrow
Uh unfollow AND a At least there is less het and military brainwash in my TL now that drama
sgshs IT'S HARD TO IMAGINE esp when they look the same age i mean even the way he acts irl LOL he
Up and my stomach hurting cause hungry
how about with each other, romeo and juliet style
I am so happy to finally be in my bed
Aggggh - I thought - no one should feel like this - I become an alcoholic This is horrible & how
Literally listening to for from little shop of horrors as I read this tweet
my eyes literally cant open wide
Sadly, but as long as one person do care happy. It would have even more sad if no one came to her defence
Literally! Like u could easily waste on a shitty product
OMG nak pegi EXO showcase, I can feel the fire already
miss my man so much
uwu is not enoughbbboi
I just watched some pro vegan video about cooking a cows head and now I'm soooo hungry
I been sleep all day on and off
Incredible. Where do we find these people?
I know
I swear to god if one more person calls my dog winston I will not be held responsible for my actions a bloody king
Me this morning But now I cant go back to sleep for fear of oversleeping and being late to work
Lmao but we 0-2 tho so who really got the last laugh
Thi thu la tsha matsheloni
emotionally and physically exhausted
The casinos be smelling like all kinds of smoke
baby gap bought to take all my money these next couple of years
if I get a dollar everytime I embarrass myself
The saddest story in A Star is Born is the brother. No one died so he could live his best life (this is my
How to avoid low self-esteem... selalu downgrade diri sendiri lepastu down sorang sorang
You left me to take a jav to kangundo though
You must be drunk this morning
Ready for 1 already
Nothing awkward as someone phoxaring someone infront of you
My Twitter has pretty much become where I talk about my food cravings. Today I want French fries and gravy from the bowling alley
i want some balloons, yellow/red tip roses, some white chocolate reeses, chicken tacos & a new necklace
Finna roll me a wood since I sleep
i need to find a mini vibe egg with a mini remote & various speeds
Yikes hopefully go down sooner than later
ready to go to bed
Is this tweet a joke? Absolute abysmal crack
I need to stop sleeping in my make up... what a mess
24 parcels and 3 tarts. Clock the police numbers
this is so on point
always hated working a Saturday night shift being that busy until 2am then from 2am-6am you get like 4 customers
Yeah
ify teach
HSHSDSHS. Still confused.
I miss Erin a lot rn And I still have 3 days without her!
pretzhen needs to comeback they take the most hq out of all hqs
Oh dear at least you can stay in and keep warm
I do this very wellll
Yoh my heart is not ready
I wish I had some fruit right now
when this happened i audibly GASPED.... like truly an icon just one episode in
SAME!! WAG NA TAYO GUMAWA
Survived my first post-bts-concert week... It's been hard, but I did it
I appreciate my body & health so much now . I swear I may even go vegan after this
Seriously every second of the day
I lowkey want a slush
hate when i feel like shit outta hand & i handle it so my last choice is him be a he going handle it by
omg same! we snapped
This was me last night
if your phone is charged to dial those numbers
First idk where is but she has my car key and worried about her
WHOEVER cheated on Milhlali is a fucking idiot.
I have to go out but I wanna keep listening
Nearly at 200
RT to help a girl out please ahhh x
I REALLY DON'T RECOMMEND GIVING TASKS AND PETAS ON THE WEEKENDS!!!! THIS HAS TO STOP
me when mx decide to post early
I want this for my friends (they want it for themselves too)
The night shift bodyclock
my heart
I SWEAR TO GOD. EVERY FUCKING TIME. A REWARDING ASS MESS.
I am so hungry I want to eat something
got the link
I hope so it went off and then turned back on and then just turned off again been off for more than 10 minutes now lol
I REALLY DON'T RECOMMEND GIVING TASKS AND PETAS ON THE WEEKENDS!! THIS HAS TO STOP
I have always been a man ... si God created man
on some horny shit rn
Gotta say gentleman stole my heart, playdate baby youre awesome too
determined to go here next year
Yesss with the shits luvvie
this my
why arent u posting ur full body shot in this outfit yet
Glad off next weekend
why am i up ?
told this party would be clown themed... not only is this hell but I also fit right in even w/o the makeup
Only thing stopping me from going to my granny house is I hate driving , buuuut I want some tacos from el unico
Me and my boyfriend eat at the same place, vegan
my mom told me na when i was a kid, i used to call basketball as sakabol grrr
padagat with friends >> tagayy UGH WANT WANT WANT!!
yes, I have a cancer Venus and my Virgo placements help the fact
I had breakfast for ages
Late nights and early mornings
The beans
Hakim, Rasheed, Malik, Jaheim and Nazeeh are my whole world I love my f*cking brothers man
My friend has one but so scary to me
I want them so bad
Feel like being scolded by my iPhone. Bloody screentime.
Typical right wing anti-intellectualism on display as usual.
"Complacency in ignorance" is their motto it seems
This me ima have to snap out of it real soon though
Finally home
& hungry I just need to go to sleep & then wake up to get my life in order.
about to sleep sooo good
Trying
This is too much-i
I would say me but then it would really be a joke
Me too but these bitches ph be off
This blooody kid
Still Star-Crossed deserved better Lashana Lynch and Wade Briggs are amazing
Body aching
kksksks they put it on every video lately
David Davis threatens no fly zone in his Battle of Britain
Oh my world. They have totally take the 'o' out of
I feel so stressed with all the assignments, and my left arm has 5 bruises and it friggin hurts. Please.. I just wanna sleep
I went to Waffle House and got a deep fried bacon
I wait until I can get s wax
a good song
i miss my baby boy lukee
8:30am on a Sunday is not a lay in
I just wanna get back n my bed
I miss my Aussie boys
I have to break away from
i literally work 80 hrs straight
Ahhhhh
Now I just need a girl
I want it bad
I called his swing live game
That dude fine why you single sir
my stomach hurts soooo bad
just told my mom about dun sa burn the stage then pinayagan niya ako aM I dREAMING DKSBSJSJS PLEASE SANA WAG NA MAGBAGO ANG ISIP!!!!!!
Why am I up!?
It just hard to understand how bitches come to the club looking like bums on the way to a nail appointment
Ikr! The implications are just
I absolute adore my job. But I am so ready to break up for half term next Friday! Feel exhausted already
Ahh my heart Taehyung-ah ur so adorable also vhope bein cute af
ever met a nigga so perfect..
Why am I still up
Mainu animals hi dikhde rehnde a supne ch
Yesterday at Kaylah lost her favourite hoodie jacket from please keep a eye out for
Tried doing an unfollow spree but it looks barely made a dent my ratio still obese
Hate waking up feeling like you even slept recently especially when you have a shift at work to do
i know wanna hear sumn
I regret not signing for the rotc sesh
I sneeze whenever i apply mask/scrub
why am I still up
someone b up wit me up and bored asf
Tried doing an unfollow spree but it looks like I barely made a dent my ratio still obese
WHEW the amount of children im about to let this man impregnate me with
Class, pure class
I am in such a MOOD at the moment and it's all this dork's fault. Him and his big bloody mouth
"Handmade by Minyoung" I WANT ONE TOO
craving for mcdooooooo
finna try to sleep
Wow guys is this about me? Triggered
What is a weekend that you all speak of? My consists of after 5pm on a Wednesday
Ice cream at the same time
whew
this is
Mine is sorting through the endless amount of junk accrued before we move
please he's so proud of joon that he can't help himself
thank you, see you soon!
Although a 9.45pm stage time on a Sunday night means a painful Monday is coming my way
All some Somalis know as sweets is xalwo smh
I miss being on the lives
How is she older than me
Ah yeah we use Skype at all!
finna take the best shower ever
2 exams to go
i wonder where you are right now unni. I miss your fancams & captures
When I find someone who can actually take my mind off everything boyyyyy I know gone be like fuck everybody ducked off
Lmao
Baby shower loading
I want some Waffle House
Napapalah lets pray im not gonna fuck up my finals cs of problems like dis
been up with Emma since 2 and I am exhausted
Too many to pay all the child support
call out my name and be on my way boy
really 4am
I need to go to bed but cold af I hate being cold why I wait til my spot done gone be nice
Is this normal there to have manjis on river streams..
Why can't accept the fact that Emily Prentiss from Criminal Minds is a lesbian.
My fav girl done got a bf on me I shoulda cuffed her wen I had the chance, lol
I know right.
I'm not really fine at all
Wth I'm depressed
lmao with who am I flirting? pls give me
imagine still thinking, even now, they're just "on a break"
Kok uwu
Nagco-collab ba ang Razed with artists? I need a Razer x Baekhyun in my life
When will your thirst for God be like this? child of the world
dreadful when that happens... so used to my car so many funny things I can write about
I really like getting out of bed when I have to get up I feel like the time when the most comfortable
wanna try graham cream cheese with foam sa chew and brew!!!
Almost 2.5 hours of back to back tantrums. going to be a LONG day
I can't get over this they're dancing so good
So good looking.
LMFAOOOOOOO that shit fucked up bro
Wow
faham tak that feeling when so geram with your boyf. like kenapa you cute sangatttt
Feels so good to get off my feet
God why sih Bobby ini ga mati2
sexually frustrated
so ready to go home !!!!!!
My hand hurts
only competing w. Myself to top off my own gifts & shit
Work 7 PM - 7 AM
i be wanting to get cute nomore , i just want my dude home all
I want some breakfast right now. Some French toast a be it right now!!!
The fuck is this shit now
Craving for pares rn
Am never buying another game till they release skate 4
craving for all types of sweets
I watch sports like that but they fighting in NBA it get real like that
No happy that my Xbox has just died half way through watching making a murderer
Why am I up
alive tonight, Idk about tomorrow
I hate that I take naps with my contacts on, then when I wake up my head hurts
Omg that will be if I hear it.
so ready for next episode
gonna be a great week! I can finally recharge for R5 & be stress free
Sighs. scaring me how everyone is saying months. Why not see changes after a month at least
Stlah skian lama tyda ikut touring
Only God Knows What This Nigga Did To . But I see myself with nobody else
wanna go pick my baby up from his granny but im drunk
I think obsessed with Travis Scott
wow I love being sick
I even know what I ate.
BRUH. No one told me braids feel like this
i was sleeping so good i hate randomly waking up
i know , that was a hard work
I just wanna go to Baton Rouge and Go Find
my mom threw a whole ass party in our hotel room
I'm just tired, man. Mentally, physically and sendecally. I need a break
I got to eat a rib eye steak sample earlier & it tasted soooo good. I wanted more. Would've been better w/ A1 tho.
Instantly turn into a cry baby
Feels like my head will explode
Tired of complimenting other niggas girlfriends , I need my own
Finally home my bed comfy af
i really hope still raining in the morning
Ugh ikr?!! Only EXO can beat EXO
Glad that fake westernstan accounts from we all know which fandom, can agree
Man I missed the fight last night you be poking brothers in the
And my feet omg my feel are killing loool even walk properly
Wedgie gate
4AM in Mulholland is SO monotonous . Idk this Amerie
Man, why I gotta throw up whenever I drink the alcohol
Yes. And weed
Tired of being rejected. Haist
happy big 50 sorry late but I know celebrating over a number of months lol so thought
Literally met the love of my life tonight and he asked and got my snap but I don't have a phone so there's that
Both of my entire legs feel like being amputated I hate the cold it hurts so bad
.Im Tryna Stay Up I Cant I Keep Drifting
What the hell just happened
nobody asked but the most lines vivis gotten have been in You and me together with 24 secs
No I have almost BTS full discography
Naw Chief a moment of silence for all my mans out there named Google Home
SM I'm begging you drop something tonight
In Korean, smile means and angry means .
Haan Haan u believe now ... I go through it everyday ...
Got work in three hours might as well stay up
I want to donate my blood so bad (issue so dear to my heart!!) but I keep hooking up with strangers
I was at the receiving end
shhhUT UP
Jisung high note
I'm so tired of this kind of mistreatment can we spam sm account or make a or something? But
No idea about the different classes of wine because not an alcoholic.. it was pink moscato
I can never zoom that close into people's pictures tryna find something wrong
Heads gone here with this Shan
I remember those days when they used to tell us horses were faster than cars.
My innocence was abused
bless us all
crush ko
that's all
qTTTTTT!!!
Hi Joe, what exercise advice would you give someone with severe plantar fasciitis. It stops me from doing so much thanks x
Training as o1 today
Weird!! That happened to me when I went to Greece years ago! Ended up with blisters all down my legs
I want get all dressed up
a long walk tbh
His bunny teeth. IM DYYYINGGGG
Forgot how expensive St Albans is... my poor bank account
I really wanna seee Halloween
lurking yo page but this go crazy.
i just want them to free him so i can have him home with me NEOWWWW
I wanna be switching off my WA on weekends and switching it back on on weekdays. This app stresses me out.
My dog destroyed my prescription glasses.
Don't forget to take your shoes when you walk here
How does one get out of bed in the morning? I really struggle
This meme kills me
oh yeah so sister silly
Never. This is good baclava straight from Turkey
I hate Sunday, because tomorrow is Monday
not alone - we all made many knee-jerkers last night!
i want the ver 1 of winner jp lightstick hit me up
I really wanna see the Vamps live
This asthma will never me alone huh.
I wanna see SZA again she better stfu w/ all that last album shi
Ang cutee
DON'T LA
I wish I had the unflinching patience of poured into me
This shit here I think this may be worse than the actual labor
The world been a better place
when I say I envy EVERYONE who went to Rosarito to see Bad Bunny, i mean it.
This is literally the best thing seen all week. Quavo and other just killed me
I feel you! I have days like this where I struggle to get out of bed sometimes you just need time
only if the weather could always be like this
the truth
ivy by frank ocean is stuck in my head
Everybodies yt in Pb lmao
I really need to catch up on sleep
This is all I need
This is all I need
Check up check up
ready to go home
Tonight just proves my point, please go continue to claim u over me and fuck w me but still.... nvmmmm, SILLY
Delightful - is back in the press. Merry Christmas guys..
We old af
Same
Theres not enough dragalia fan art to rt
MY HEART CANT TAKE MUCH MORE OF THIS. Are Playing with my Emotions here, Im exhausted
only during intern periods then i have time for primers activities
So pretty
It begs the question if the Oreos themselves are doing the good mouth stuff or the milk is.
I want to leave work early but Ima regret it later
Theres not enough Dragalia art in the world to rt
sis same. Work on that
10.30am and barely been able to read today between sleep and headaches
starving bouta fix me some noodles w/ hot sauce
A whole Ashanti. The world has really changed
Love u, Clang
Oktoberfest was wild + I feel like 87 years old. I hang + nearly 5am.
sorry to hear that if it makes you feel better that dumb human with you.. how I lost half of money given to me..
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when thr foot marks on the moon...
This is awful
Why did she have to get up and move & why anyone drag him off the plane
Everybody knows her but me going to cry
visiting ? can both of u just accept the rumours cause tired
Yo. So Lana will have a song with MGK. yikes. I was rooting for her
But i will faint if you appear as solar noona []
how do I change back to While livin in Jamaica? Bcos in the middle of watchin shows and
I wish I wasent sick I wanna kiss my girl so bad!!! Happy first birthday bookie mom love you Suggs
Love you
Not the same. sorry but them shits ugly.
Only photo I got
I stopped thinking of the mustard top I saw the other day I know how I managed to convince myself that I need it.
Jeeeeeezus!! How many times can you drop the kids off ??
The thought of this happening to me is making me ill
I But I am planning ahead and thinking abt the next tour, I am not missing that one too omg!
KFJFHFHF DI NAMAN IKAW YAN SIS
Life just fair to us
Oooh I wish, put loads on this year I might have been sucking my cheeks in a bit on this x
fucker knows he looks fineeeee
when he sniffed the hoodie
this is so cute wow
i cant stop smiling
i need to meet you soon bro
i swear to god if lets me meet him tonight after the Beirut show be the happiest person in existence
I did something today that I never thought I would... I cried to Lady Gaga
A Is Born
I am very particular about where I lay my head! They can have them bedbug rooms!
Truss me but alot of people dont like it alot of caribbean people also
Horrific
Still study about how to fun with game
wait to eat menudo when i get home
That moment your phone will then switch off
Dude I had to like lol that way I could run out the back if needed
So sleepy & my baby wanna act up
dying, this is the sweetest thing ever
Wow I would wake up
Camping mood
SABI NI CHOE JR NO DIN YES KAYA KO TO KAPATID EH
Think about me x Dvsn is a whole damn mood & the truth
I know leave carros and go to another club i do it be in the back seat sleep
love yourself sg tickets is going to be sold on saturday anyone has any advice??? yo girls hella nervous
I really wanna go to the Astroworld Festival!
Looooool heh bathong
tired, in too many ways
Trop vite
They say you never know what you have till you lose it, and feeling it now
Definitely put on weight these past 2 weeks
/khh/ seneng ih liat ini memang lucu
It sucks
Hangover is kicking in. I want nuggets and cuddles
Arlington laws be ducked off really tryna catch a nigga slipping
pretty sure Hailey and Logan are the perfect example of what it means to marry your best friend
If anybody finds my head anywhere around Wimborne today, have a stern word with it about why it drink on a Saturday night
Hmmm let you off then yeah I know what you mean, weird feeling
Iraha ka bogor tehh
my idea is to watch that eventually too.. first punisher & luke cage & defenders, none of which watched in time either
That fooking hurt.
2:30 AM eat some penis for a spicy chicken sandwich
Last day at - we want it to end!
Why am I awake? only had two hours of sleep.
Yhu but apparently someone got shot??
Aaden srsly does the most cause he knows he get in trouble
This hun just said who get mugged are a turn
hungry
ASHHFNNDNNFNFD I DID NOTHING IM INNOCENT
Im showing tf outt cause i promise you i stay up this late
I eat too much rice and bread to also drink beer FUCK me
ah i dont have money dude
I need coffee. So much coffee.
Why is he so damn cute
I'll give Jungkook the all world if i could!
Hi can someone please make this into a lockscreen for me?
The sad reality of growing up is also watching college friendships disappear
After 10 games of I swear I sweat lol
Yeah makes sense - I figured it until way later! Sad but the more likely case
I'm a Knight Level 13 and I can't get passed the Confident Kokun.... any tips?
sorry but this fandom is amazing sometimes Lance just here trending for no reason in particular
So Damn Cold Outside
most of us stays are listening to an audio stream and not rly knowing what's going on but at least we are doing it together
Soooooo sleepyyyyyy gotta get it though
Catching up on The Walking Dead, and the suspense is killing me!
Barefaced hoseok is my weakness yall damn
I just want a cwtch
ugh
What do you want plixxx?
Pervent everywhere
Even if hard to walk, I need to pull myself off and cook for myself cos I have no one to rely on.
When feeling very fragile but are on your own and have no one to look after you, someone bring me food
My sleeping schedule all fucked up
White any day, my digestive system just cannot handle red
just ready to be under my
come to australia soon
and bring with you
This is just beautiful man
Drove around and ended up going to see I miss you blood
wHY. Am I grown up girl, now. Look at this.
So ready for my 5 day vacation coming up soon come on November!!
I thought my puppy would stop my broodiness. Instead made me want a baby more than ever. I want a baby
anyway, i miss my duuuuude im not into entertaining anyone else but HIM
Having a moment
Me too. It's a whole "why love has to hurt so bad" mood. Jeez
i need mutuals
Just want a Siberian Husky or an Alaskan malamute or a Czechoslovakian woldog or any type of wolf like dog really
Idk what do without my momma she always there for me when I need her the most
My babyshower was a year ago today and now my baby is 10 months time flies .., I wish she was a new born again !!!
My kitten did some major damage
The only thing Facebook is useful for right now is to remind me of my friends birthdays.
My hair is growing ima go 6 months without heat which means by my birthday it should be back past my armpit
My throat is all scratchy and asthma is acting up. I would much rather be asleep.
Why I sleeeeeepppp
really be thinking about changing my number, going ghost for a year
craving for polvorons
me: my diet consists entirely of limes and is therefore, technically, vegan. ,
Ugh, that smile tho
Why is it so hard for me to fall asleep
I love Lil Yatchy
Can I just say that super gross and rude when people just cough without covering their mouths super
Unproductive day
I really wanna crash the party on my block, they have a grupo playin amazing
the hardest part about recovering is not being able to sleep on my side
but it was good asf
This hoe jazz fall asleep in 30 seconds!
Me all the time
It really The hours are ridiculous futhi
Wishing I was cuddled up and getting forehead kisses rn I'm getting to use to this man, help me Jesus!
PERIOD !!! i go dumb hard behind my brothers
Bobby kenapa sih rambutnya di gituin nak
Why life be like the movies where girls wake up with perfect hair and makeup and not have to do a single thing!?
I loved moonlight
Mid terms is killing me ahhhhh helpppp its history addhsjalal helpppp
so unreal
Why did I miss this game
Head ache
I keep seeing this so I wanna join
if it flops I'll cry
Before I go pray for me. theres nothing wrong just hella indecisive
They can buy data but buy pad
Had the best times last year take me back
Damn it!! already at work I blame you for me not seeing this tweet earlier!
Mixed all kinds of drinks tonight
I heard true love is suicide
so ready to get in the house
Wishing I was cuddled up and getting forehead kisses rn I'm getting too use to this man, help me Jesus!
I bring myself to listen to the A Star is Born soundtrack cos I know just roar...what a beautiful film get over it!
Hes so badly behaved it'd be a nightmare but he's so cute
Back to not sleeping again. How do I turn my mind off?
I need more money for
iced cinnamon almond macchiato pls
A friend of mine just posted a pic of i jug yomdoko. I can't even remember the last time I had umdoko .
i think i need my soul took why i been mad lately
i need a greasy breakfast gqhiba ndithi nap emva koko
Dropped my cousin off at the airport and bae fell asleep on me. Now I have nobody to talk to! Idk why not sleepy
talked to my man in 2 days hurt about it
foolish I swear
FUCK ME! My Lashes Got Caught On My Towel As I Was Drying My Face & A Big Ass Chunk Of Lashes Came Off
Drunk texted a whole entire boyfriend of another woman. Imbi
But I
HER NAME IS SNICKERS ?!?
3 hours later .. finally done editing
I know I'm just a nobody, but please do my makeup
I really hope not sick tomorrow
Nothing worse than vibing to dope unreleased music. You want to share so bad but you
Bruh shoot everywhere
This
This 33Kva Nepa line is Bae 24hrs Uninterrupted power chai
See me turning off my Freezer.
Only i could come to barcelona to watch Messi and he gets injured brought off within 20 minutes
only got one colour tattoo and I remember if it gunked
Omg all these dumb*sses in the comment section, y'all are such fcking brainless homophobes forreal
what if i got anxiety attack the moment that i speak :( ahh
My 6 inches of memory foam and memory foam pillow is calling my name
Those ones of you and bae
Finally home but damn that traffic gmfu but with a little doola pee it made it better idk how I had that much
I may have started it
is sleeping important?
I really need to get my ear checked
I read this as it being just 2 days away and got a rush of excitement followed by disappointment
looking at old pictures of bell makes me want to go wake her up and make her cuddle with me forever
Please don't
Finally
Why hims so cute make sure mfs call ya hunnys and tell her you miss her and ya thinkin about her. That makes her vagina shower okayy
Share some recipes with me!
not sleepy in the least
Padre Pio traffic
I wanna go to the movies just for the popcorn
October
i want them to meet again
still shook my man really upgraded my phone
but have you ever rubbed ur feet after a long day?
I want a Dog now
Babe you get this top
it is morning.
Monthly subscription lorr...
Everyday
A lot of people keep asking me to cook but I really be feeling like cooking
Lol...don't ask me for address again
stuck in West Covina with a stopped freeway
Damn!! Why I live in Hollywood I wanna see and meet all of bvb!
smoking at 4:39 am , I must really sleep
ughh those chocolate cravings are getting out of hand pms at its finest
falling off the bed bc pinky is clearly taking over lol
that means i was 7 + 9 when i saw them
It's a goodbye stage already? How comeee
Chidi has so much patience Chidi is the best
marry me?
the most precious thing
What is your wayyy
The amount of self-control it takes not to pop this huge blister on my finger. Hay.
A whole "hun"
Wish I was at rosarito
I have bruises all over my body
Lord, just give me my Shiba Inu already
Can we use just one berry to program all those smart things
i wanna work tomorrow
The accuracy
I don't wanna suffer alone
and sometimes we even ask anymore and they naturally give us something like we are so spoiled
He is legit hard to draw
Seeing all this content from VanCon I wanna go to another con soooooooooo bad!
Niggas be knowing when they downgraded
Like...you people...actual tears
Ei
the fact that I been to sleep yet & I got church at 8
bet this isnt an army someone trynna put armys and monbebes to fight
Wow believe I fell asleep on this game last night
I slept funny and now my neck hurts
ugh james harden staying unbothered we love a bearded king who minds his own business
I believe we bouta make 2 years in this 2 years i NEVER had to aruge with the next bitch about my man
Off from work.
Bruhhh Nights Like Tonight Only In Memphis
How dare you
let me turn off my phone before I do something ima regret in the morning
Jusq ang pogi talaga rapppy din eh
Been a while since I picked up a bow. This was on my honeymoon five years ago
Damn cute and much more talented with makeup as me im glad that I can use eye liner a bit
have any other choice
Please...somebody think of the children.
My parents did this once but everyone had data so it work out
The children here cry so much on the weekends because they actually spend time with their parents so quiet
I feel like I would be so stressed out trying to maintain all that hair
hell yeah, rich alcoholic chuu teas heejin farm that's already cute af
So that time of the year again.
Lovin this ride , smooth like a Beamer
true
I need a new perfume
if only i can home credit a shiba inu
need this to be done to me
LMAO SON I SWEAR! Just like that help
thank youu!! this means so much to me
I'll do better.
how can you not want one !!!!!
And a new tire
a back rub would be so nice
FML I know if I sleep now I'll miss my ride to the airport but a bitch is so tired..
Excessive consumption of Alcohol is harmful to your health
What is the etiquette for telling people in the quiet carriage to be quiet I just want to sleep
Pretty sure my cpu waterpump died... pc boot with cpu fan and temp errors
Okay mee wantan in this weather would be perfect
naeun has such cute cheeks
Even promoting to stream to my friends on my Snapchat!
Spending the morning editing photos taken of my little brother and so cute
Love him I want his hair color to btw..
Thank God for this beautiful ass day man
The plug ... due to me working 9+ years being a slave at the passport agency
& a connect with travel agent
No excuses
damn twitter really fcked up kim's acc
laugh
I need to get ready for work but I wanna get outta bed
thank you. even though I look ashy
That lucid dream song i feel that song so hard
Getting hyped over a draw
It's not even bur..... Nvm
jiwon || fromis_9
a crackhead queen loud as fuck and a vocal legend (FR HER VOICE IS SO NICE WTF) also
my knee is burning!!
With some baked mac and cheese
I feel so fucking sick
now i wish i had a roommate
cults are just something else. some guy made the entire congregation drink poison
hard to reach si kuya
My stomach is killing me I just want cry rn
Look how beautiful u are
Small hunger and my eyes are red already
I love being drunk. But anymore than 2 drink and the hangover the next day destroys my soul
My son just had a whole fit for nothing he was crying like something was hurting him I checked his body and
I feel like I run out of water every two days. Just give me an endless supply of eternals
I mean you are cold not that cute
I had such an unhealthy day yesterday feel like crying
hit up my bored as fuckkkk
almost 6 am, I am TRYING to fall asleep & I have to be right back at taps at 10 am my weekends grind too hard.
I did look on them but most of their stuff is bodycon style and I have the right figure for it
a good shout and one of his biggest fans but I just think an out and out striker
Kafam tam olarak
craving for butchi
I asked this man did he take the charger and he kept saying no like who tf lies about that
I don't know yet sef but I want a red dress from
daughter
i still believe i lost my necklace idk if i want my new one to be silver again or gold
H E A D A C H E
Please include tampons too. Free sanitary pads and tampons Tampons cost 1500 a box
Where are you rushing to.. 2022 is stil far. I want 2020 and I have bf yet
Update: neutropenic sepsis. Ding ding ding!
Wow. Bruh you really came with proof .
Lol Michael something was blocking my head that time
& I'm jus tryna figure out.. Why tf was my ringer even on
My anxiety is so bad whenever I sleep with Tom at night
They want to be lucky too is it too much to ask for?
& when I crave stuff I have dreams about it
Lmfao my friend called me in the middle of about to suck dick cause she was scared cause he circumcised
. Matire was there in plenty. You should have seen yourself
Fighting words these
sobrang traffic
yieut ganda
That really sucks. Looks like you were having a really fun night up to that point
Literally me, caption and all
THIS IS LIKE A SLAP TO EVERYONE WHO KEEPS ON SAYING THE JIKOOK IS ONE SIDED and they were so touchy
All in one talaga si twitter shet
I seriously hate this more and more.
got me so emotional everytime i listen to this
I'm about to bust a fat wet shit ugggggggggggggh it hurts
Trying to remember so many codes
all finished so relatable its scary! Whens the next instalment
Also... Nothing like doing your nails then remembering you have your period... So I guess I'm going to be awake for a while....
Lol Gettin a white girl was the best thing ever I b inna cuts fr
developed new love for the Ford Focus ST
On my way back to Savannah
Lately I been seeing you daily, on my mind like crazy
Getting petrol is always a chore
oh shit just told my aunt the ticketing details for sg came out and shes like "oh yea??? pergi la"
I need to start to go to gym again.Damn gurl booty is nt lookin gewd
dead ass tired
tired asf
Nadya was trynna get my ass to watch The Haunting of Hill House or whatever like I sleep alone or whatever
i like you kasi you're such a good and sweetheart ate so talented pa !!
He wants us to die fit
Now I wish I what she had said is absolutely disgusting
I need to come here drunk ever! God help me.
She going say ft me real quick oh shit nvm idek why i just told you to ft me
Searching for my MOOD ..
i want to ask knk if, hows youjin? but i know its not appropriate to ask them since what happened
same
*screams*
Period tf trust just anybody holding my child
Grabbed my straighteners thinking they were my hairbrush and now definitely suffering for my stupidity
I suck at giving advices probably because I'm the one who needs them.
never had a migraine that has fucked me up as bad as that one did yesterday I literally just sat there crying in agony
they're all so cute and kulit AAAAH
Just getting inside ima be sleep all day tomorrow
I really just want some pasta
eat her whole ass just to suck on them toes.
Guess lay here and jack
Lmaoooo right. too lit for this. getting emotional & hopefully
If its not sponsored sekali pun still can afford
If he ever will do bolna with his fans vua ???
My "boyfriend" disappeared on me this weekend
with pleasure
RT nicolechongx: i really fucking miss one direction, included
addicted to your love, i get enough
It would be nice if you checked your dm
Having no car is shit
i want peach cobbler
My secret is that I want to love you but you want it i think my mind or heart has the energy to
Tapi bila dh ada duit and ada kerja, the commitment comes by itself.
i fuck that man in 2 days you can have it now .
Shit
10 minute walk won't hurt, you brain would explode
wait to have a cuddle with cal never thought say it but I actually miss the dickhead
Girl crush oy why man
but also, my finals starts tmr
Drake put on an amazinggg show, he disappoint
Damn I got work at 9:30 & up rn
Which mountain do you do your prayer and fasting from?
my left eye keep on twitching since last week
Had way too many near death experiences over the past couple weeks i need Jesus
Why is it when you have a million and one things to do you become ill , tonsillitis fuck off plz
Smh I need some cuddles
last day at work then off till wednesday
Had a great night with my baby definitely the best
What with all these errors???
Let that nigga Claim you first lil one
Definitely not nowadays! Tattoo requests again for Xmas
Up way too early this morning
fuuuuu is soooo good. I want to keep watching but almost 3am
Working at the railroad will drain you
i don't know why "active 1m ago" hurts my feelings
wait for sch to end
Dude really 5 and just awake for what
Summer EP is
Not a disappointment in sight.
doing great Isa such a strong & beautiful mother to both of your amazing kids
This tweet aged like fine wine C9 in SEMIS now
them noodles i just made went so hard
need a pic w/ u
Ahhh you look great !
Why am I still up
a fucking goddess
i wanna listen to namjoon's playlist already
I asked for this
You know your life boring when you only wear work clothes & sleep clothes
I luv my long dark hurr but I also want pink purple pastel hair
probably get liposuction done to get to this level
werking on sunday night is really a no no pero g na kasi double off naman
& it annoys the shit outta me
Omg he is so fine
Need a day2 ticket for escape
Nothing like seeing someone losing their loved one. Espiecally the old couples
I need to buy a coat
would love to meet you
I thought it would take us about the same time it took for Lucifer to be picked up. How wrong was I
listen to music anymore
What's the area code of the other side?
so tired but i cannot stay asleep for anything
And hello, work...hello, the survival day at work (@ in
No more People Of Earth
Honestly would never wish endometriosis upon anybody the pain is the most draining thing physically and mentally
friends with an aspiring author, New York Times bestseller here they come
This made me feel horrible about thanksgiving
You Really Out Trying Get Me Pregnant
I hate that so tired and I still sleep
Roblox outfit is so NUTS
Hungry asf
I got knots in my stomach in the best way possible. I think they call them butterflies.
why does bubbles gets all the recognition
My gosh
you never do me things lyk that
Awww least seeing them
If only we could go back to those days and times
I gone lie I miss the old you .
huyyyyyyyy ang corny pero kinilig ako
Alright sleep now & I pray to God I gonna miss a lot
It's 12th day of navratri....we celebrate till 15 th day smh I've been busy
A table full of biryani
I can't get this f*cking ingrown nail out of my toe. I might need a surgery I wanna die sobrang maga parin grabe
What could possibly go wrong?
back to reality
God is great
The weird thing was tho, I already seen and liked the post and Instagram still send me a notification
Jesus is really shaving at 2am like just come to bed
Lmfaoooooooo
see
13 more followers
i knew it
Yes secret me now! I love it
finally seeing snow this year for the first time
Oh but I love it
Yep not sure why done it!
This
THANK YOU CAINNNNNN I really appreciate it
Stopppp
I can hear the wind
Omg I'm gonna be soooooo hungover when I wake up why do I do this to myself
Eish Sam how do you interact with such ndimi varume ka I feel sorry for anyone
Why am I laughing so much???
desperate need of toothache remedies
Please pray for me guys
In Korean, smile means and angry means .
I got up at 4:30, with minimum complaining....and forgot my jacket at home
sorry na sis
after a good day and smiles yet I still come home and cry my eyes out by myself
Now i see why i been acting like this the last couple of days
OMG thank you for sticking by for that long
I keep referring to Prince Harry and Meghan as and as if my friends lol I wish
The Life Of Having A Baby Why I Have One
I need the liquid lipsticks of jeffree star!!!
Boy that rain is not joking
but why is singapore's show expensive comparing to their other shows
Mothers who abandoned they children really damaged them people for life
Tired asff but I have to eat first cuz soo hungry.
I get the hype behind a relationship ? Like fuck me on the table Homer Simpson
Where she at tho
open this thread
the chills
Man so tired I just came home
so hurt but I have no choice but to just swallow this shit
aagh i've been so inactive today, i miss blackpink so much
Why so fine?
I cudnt do it where u work
Babes I'd give him to you if I hated you that man is so boring
miss my girl
i got the BIGGEST FUCKING HEADACHE EVER this the first time i actually felt drunk but the club was so fun
Ritwik sends me pictures of sweatshirts so that I can help him pick one and later says I didnt even ask for your opinion.
yes pls
2mins-friend: burning Minho for BAZAAR _ Nov issue 2018
so crapulent and crambazzled right now...
I wanna post my pictures but I my brother is using my other phone which still has my iCloud on it
I never get tired of coming downtown . Lmao tonight is like a mini vacation
Day 3 of being out of action because of my back and fucking bored of it now. I just want a massage and to be healed
Emmen filaifi
Watched the whole game-he is such a bad footballer like watching a Sunday league player !
it's works wonders the drying lotion is also so good for pimples
Damn it I used to be good at multitasking now look at me, I don't even know what I'm doing anymore
Best hoover to buy? They all have really good reviews and I need guidance
He is so adorable
6+ hours and still going
Second Night w/out my Hunny and my heart hurts
I think I went deaf in my left ear
See ehn, I need to change this
hahah I'm glad you're following them now :') you should check out their youtube channel too their fancams are gorgeous
I love them
The result.
I know, it looks ugly - but it tastes heavenly and its rich af
Despite my faults, God has always been patient, loving & kind to me
McDonald's should do breakfast All day on a Sunday
Randomly
Hier + vertiges Idk what happened
I even done with it.
These guys obviously watched the UFC a couple of weeks back
Machi theaterku ponnungalae varathu da...
Jealous Have a great time
It's 12th day of Dashera....we celebrate till 15 th day smh I've been busy
This baby faced yout is who her new mans is?
so fr lemme pay my Apple Music because I need a sex playlist
right and so sweet
omg thank youuu, nothing beats jacob remix though
But I hope not
Yeah i totally forgot about that yikes
Gameshare it with me
I have a crush on brother nature
Bruh I get off in 5 hours tired
you know me too well
Jgh
I badly want to try mango sticky rice
Its the toughest ive had to watch as well
In Miami needing the nearest hospital why tf do I always have to be sick
yes i guess
Literally so obsessed with skin care products lately nothing better than good skin
starting to take its toll on me now Cor!
No doubt in my mind my nigga ain't knocking bitches out if I ever encountered this. This could never be happen
He get one small scratch in the back
one of the first thing she says so fine, but mom, omggg i missed you headass! it was great
And so tired but my stomach is just going off
I just got home and starving
Ugh! Vegas diet obviously starts tomorrow
my sleep patterns be all over the place
You are a fool . My talking stage days are over
I'm sorry for being insensitive towards this group of people!
My friend sent me a picture of the inside of her house. Looks just like this video (minus the croc)
My fucking legs
I guess found how to spend our evening
so tired, i even wanna get up
If anyone wants to bring me a hot water bottle and a cuppa, be eternally grateful
Sportpesa watanimaliza na hizi promo texts, I can have a clean bet history, huwa na lambishwa lolo tu
Jumpers and breastfeeding
But also looking like Hogwarts HR on causal Friday
My church annoys me with this. Let's have diffrent sermons for each language. It's also time wasting
I'm in love with Kassandra already
I want Tim's breakfast !
Should i pull this wig out the bag or slap this ponytail in . Real life problems
What are doing dreaming about those girls for
Both my parents are sleeping rn and I need to go buy Tuna Mara I'm cooking so no one can look after my pots
I FUCKING WANT THIS
1 more hour before I can sleep
i wishhhh i was shorter
ow sis, I know you and your surprises
How do you even do that?
Guys I may die, gassed myself out on oven cleaner
thank u
He has always been number 1 fanboy. Remember he chose bighit after he saw rapping Namkook
I want braids again
Please tell me at least going home to watch some Overwatch
isssssssavibe: I need to go to the gym, been 4 days! Am I getting fat? Be honest! IG:...
Oh, Sheffield. Y U SO HILLY?! I forgive you though because you so pretty!! Slightly misjudged my route as I
Idk cute w/ hair and honestly v frightening and ugly without.
- Probably missed the boat but if anyone is around in central I'm free until 6pm when I see my last film of the fest!!!!!
is your premium still lifetime?
weh comel
missed my appointment. Aw man going out sad
does he know some people are trying to breathe ??
Didn't know and gave to another conductor. Thank God they didn't beat me up
Why is my mum like this
Dallyse said I sound like an Elk when I wake up!
If only they have it in Miri, I rather go bc why say no with all tht pink stuff and duh barbie!
Dead fuckin ass
Getting induced on Tuesday and starting to feel so overwhelmed
this has been a very stressful day. ive been calling all airlines and going to ticketing offices nonstop! but
absolutely hate it and now a full day of work rip us x
Could my baby just be here
Dunni . such a Darling. Thank you love . Check your dm btw I just dropped one Amebo there
Thirty what!!!
sorry
i think time that came home i miss her a little extra tonight
Ang pabebe and cute nya don at the same time. Excited na ko sa movieeeee hoy
last day tomorrow!
Gonna suffer on my birthday month. Omg
want q na mapanuod riverdale s3
My body is in bits gunna die
Damnnnn up with me. Just let it go Katherine
mes cheveux
If you message me for business please got straight to the point please.
I need a man. I want a man. not interested.
Lemme even stream her music ...I support u Ashanti
Humidity tells al! Ended up having to go to uni in the rain, get out of the Uber and it was sunshine
the-dream love vs money
The relationship my bro & his gf has with their daughter... I want that for my son
Can this day not end with me blocking you
The way she followed direction
my baby been extremely too fussy tonight
a real bitch to hold you down on the come up
Kangaroo tastes disgusting I feel bad for them
I blocked anyone on here. so boring
Real numbskull
Shems! wait
SM SOUTHMALL
and all won is
Tbf the street is usually really quiet so it was a massive surprise to us all
The same fucking woman!? Wind it in
kaka retweet ko lang meron na agad shet
Thank u.... may it come sooner than later
Lemsip makes me feel sick idk how people do it
As if finished the whole of grimm
For everyday I wake up and fever dropped I have to RT this
international model in Africa
It is so beautiful here
im craving for samgyupsal!!
Getting my gym membership tomorrow to try and get rid of this fluffiness
Listen why do we always have convos in 98263829 threads too confusing
Leaving the kids for 2 weeks. I miss them already.
Lemsip acc makes me feel sick idk how people have it
How do you do this, gosh so annoying
Totally disagree
Your truly has 1 skip
My everything has 0 skips
Dangerous woman has 0 skips
Sweetener has 2/3 skips
5 *
tHIS HAIRTYLE SIR KIM JIWON PLEASE
take me into the uncharted waters of my soul, with the sweet sounds of Erykah Badu, her next performance in So Cal
shoes or clothes????
Ready to shower and sleep naked
help u gal but back on placement next week might have time on Tuesday after Toby goes anthonys? Xxx
Send me a nigga out the mix i loveee a laid back nigga
endgame uGhHhH
When ugly b* stalk me yes cute and look better than you
i was knocked tf out do that.
This is so me.
Nene go be mad at me I go out with her
I CANNOT LISTEN TO THIS, IM GONNA START CRYING
am bitch Chan was inside my SOUL
I know 11am but i could do with some Dominoes Pizza a meateor aswel
Warum hab ich momentan nur wieder so schlechte Tage...
tangina he's so cute
sleeping with 2 comforters & a fleece blanket
Bro :( your face is amazing. Idk how you can be clean shaven & look so good but grow the best beards too
You're not laughing ma, just breathing so hard, I know it.
I want pasta
Please!!!!
The rumors are true DEF back it up for him
Mood
i knoww, nag-swerve na ko sa lane ni chaeng im wrecked hahahah
ready when I get home, going out but a mate not going to be home until after midday
[ ] another wannable x carat
maybe ill be tracer
im already tracer
what about widowmaker
im already
ill be bastion
NERF BASTION
Oh wow the brain cell was strong in this one
OMFGN BRANDON U GASSING ME UP GON EVENTUALLY MAKE ME ACT ALL BRAND NEW
I didn't expect it to be cold already in texas
I actually feel like a heater. boiling so much
I been in this hospital since 3
the whole idea of sex scares me, how do you people do it ???? tbh i'm gonna be a virgin for the rest of my life
Even worse, got Born,Baby stuck in my head
Dan akhirnya drop juga
I fucked my hand up so mad hurting so bad
ok they literally only trust each other with their trip photos
My best friend turns a month old today our hobbies include: taking long naps, tittin when hungry and
Dimanche cartons
You study read out loud I also need to study leh.......
Want a bf like this
Vol 2- Romeo Santos shit is filled with bachata bops
this fucking grease popped me? what i can put on it to stop it from hurting
Tuhan aku butuh semangat
My last day so fuckin happy
I should be studying for my English test due tomorrow why am I always on twitter when I'm supposed to study
Awhhhh nah, asif Stephen Avery is guilty
We just got down with a bottle of patron who Tf told us
Was i supposed to read this in voice?
Paulie makes me want to have a pet parrot
Why have I got a fat stinking cold AGAIN
my godsister cracked my phone
That first left was the best punch though good shit rondo
Ok someone have a baby with me my fucking heart
I definitely will!
2 to choose from even
Story of my life
it's okay!! it happens uwu you'll learn. you're cute too gsjdjd i was kinda surprised even.
The only thing Facebook is useful for right now is to remind me of my friends birthdays.
going back to kl just for this if not busy
so i stuck a tissue in my nose cause it keeps on dripping
ang sarap sarap mo coffee jelly!!!!
What palette is that I need it
This was not 4 years ago that seems too early this feels like so long but it probably was sad too
I badly need an extension of the weekend...........
The Spirit Bomb is one hell of a level 3
I wait to cuddle up to my maaaannnnnnn.
Ughhhh! I forgot that I don't actually care
I used to haaaate the train from Derby to London
Our tired is tired .
I've never had someone to open and close my door for me
Holmes brick outside
grabe 4 keeps yung mga taong kahit low maintenance yung friendship niyo,same energy and love parin binibigay no matter what happens
Off to vaccinate babies
my homegirls always tell me that. I help it only when I have a reason to tho
Thought I was going to be sick and pass out and that was only 5km
yaaaas eternal sunshine of the spotless mind is finally on netflix time 2 cry
fast fotward to sat
j just wanted to sleep in why does everyone in this house have to make so much noise
NOO NO NO NO STOP already crying
Been wanting to get the Style and Bout You albums but no budget and no luck in winning GAs
Can Fantastics and The Rampage switch concept please
I wanna see The Rampage do a colorful concept and Fantastics do a badass one
but that clown is too creepy
Am I The Only Mf Up Still
I canttt breath
Lost it for good this time
COME TO BRAZIL pleaase
Nothing breaks your heart on a Sunday morning like making a coffee and opening the fridge to find that no milk
BUWAN.mp3
Honestly how can you hear afrobeats and not think it's wavy
oo nga aba
You know like dat
So many beautiful ladies in Vegas
Idk why I always think of that song in the morning
Types of Business Letter Ayon lugaw ang utak
They better get rid of Gobi for good. He's been bad news ever since
Jae-ha looking this
Am i at the correct acc?
HAHA truth!!!!
I know it's hard, trust me I've been there I starting applying my own advice late in university.
But why you don't announce the international dates??
why they remove jumpy remix from Spotify?!
Sniper Elite 4 Coop fail gameplay fr LES BOULETS Family Geek
Not good at all. be angry at the end of the year ...
Trying so hard to not drunk text you a lot on my mind Id really like to do to you
its been a long fuckin night, but my friday
I might have to get back to watching
trop long
Ahahaha scrap that sold
Teary
The drastic drop in temperature tonight was great. Went out as a ghost and come in a snowman
In a bed full of kids how & why do they sleep this wild
Trying to watch, follow and understand is a full time job. Blink once and you need to restart the whole show from Episode 1
dairy does me no good but milk & cheese ugh
the besssssttt
that shower was lovely time for bed
Man I went to sleep so early and people were calling me like wtff I just tossed it
Wish I was going to capital xtra homegrown live tomorrow
Unt Un I Need Keionna To Wake Her Ass Up & Text Me Back !!!
totoo!!! thank you for being sooooo patient para lang sa planner ko huhu i love you
seriously asking, please can you stop dancing and singing like that in the wait until his mates are in the car
Ah I miss my home town that much
Imagine Hinata and Kageyama run while sungjin's voice in reff play as a background asdfghjkl
I CAN'T
i'm a haikyuu trash
And my head is hurting for no reason
Every. Single. Time
all fans on the DL lmfaooo they wish their favourite could out rap her
It's very depressing by that department
WTF is that dreadful boy band appearing in my timeline? Fuck sake, GO AWAY!
As if I'm going to have a 3 year old soon THREE!?
why did the album have to be what we assumed we deserve better
What does this sign means pleas ?
Just thought of the dopest idea for my promo video
me too especially when sad.
Lord forgive me for the sins committed, this dirty money got me addicted
doh legit jud kaayo among deeptalks sa akong classmates featuring bonfire and shots
literally have thought about this all day like I just want a good one on one talk with my bff
im breathless
DAMN IT, EVEN YOU ARE HAVING DIFFERENT HAIRSTYLE YOU ARE REALLY MAKING ME PROUD. WHY IS IT?
love that for him. so lucky to get you ugh
the power they have
I hate having bad dreams
Growing up, my mom would cook macaroni together with rice because oobrother bam babengahluthi yirice neschebo
ohmygod stop shipping james reid and jennie girlie has had ENOUGH put her through more shit
O not meaning the Mexicans, it all the other tribes on the border and bridge
cat!
To all the people i entertain , Im actually tired
I gotta stop coming home and going str8 to sleep
i vote for this to happen!
I wanna see in concert
Look at how hurt this poor boy is
That was one of the hardest decisions in gaming history and as a gamer I olayer a lot before!
Why is McDonalds unavailable on uber eat right now
Right and wrong way x Keith Sweat
I still haven't left key
The kissing booth, is a nice movie
I wanna but the water here not clear at all I miss
HSHDHAHAH THE REASON WHY ION WANT TO FET AIRPODS
The 5th episode of random acts of flyness made me trip balls god bless your soul
The hardest part of facing challenges is knowing if it's a test or if it's God telling you to change course
And the hate just keeps on increasing especially with her incoming solo debut too. they wont stop.
ack hd ver of the leaked monster demo ver dance practice vid
I'm not ready for this cold weather I gotta deal w next week. temperatures as low as 34???? I'm not a Marylander anymore
I need to drink... i almost had another child i love my baby daddy fr fr
moa wing n out atc molito all day supermarket,, hays tired af but super solid iloveyou hehehe
first off its a twitter thing secondly be calling me out like that i thought it was a
you dont play with me anyway
im soon done just need to sew everything together
I just wanna go back to sleep
Finally time for bed! I was on auntie duty from 2a-6a. That was a long stretch with a newborn...especially
urghhhhhasdfghjkl the best Japanese love story movie I've ever seen
Please understand this
I had one square meal in three days, very nearly approaching FOUR trying to hold out for this mild sauce
Why is it when you move out you eat so much take out
Give me strength
I Wanna Go To Work
not in the mood for the 1000 wyd that Ik are coming imma really snap I just kno it
I wanna eat pork ribs and pork steak
To think that i was there twice
Wow ok, that's me.
How yall do these 7-3 shifts mannn sleep walking
Who tf gets toe pain like this so randomly
Cloud9 is serving looks and victories this year
Why does gin give me the worst headache
omg imagine be so adorable
its the time of the month
Been having pains... this will give my mum upper hand Cos she complains about earphones a lot
First stop Miami, my ex-home that I miss so much
I needed this night
up
This supposed to sound so pathetic
Ready to get home & get all cuddled up
alam ko, non-contextual ang reply ko bins, it is meant to be generalized
How does it feel to be rj
i really be waking up at 5/6am every morning ..
huhu everything still feels surreal take me back
i wait to hit my mf bed
I Swear . Even When I'm Home Allday I Do Nothing But Shower Back To Back , I Just Love Hot Water On My Skin
Running off two hours of sleep
When three cuties decided to take a selfie
That was before shit hit the fan
Am I The Only Mf Up Still
try not to rt wonpil photos challenge
do it they r cuties
Jgh
What's happening
soooo obsessed w my belly unreal
no but i do live in europe, i hope soo ! i missed her at cannes to
I know why up
I bet a toughie babe! still a sucker for a few
Your welcome, thankyou sd time so fast i hope naa pay sunod huhu
Take me back
Up crying , I had a dream my baby died bruh why the fuck ?
they playing like shit , they took my rent up again need to hurry up & move !
Wide tf awake for no reason
Mssng my bby rn
Miserable Sunday
Contemplating on whether I should cut my hair short or not...
I swear same here
I gave my love to you my love was real but you love me
Kesel bacanya
You removed the tobacco and put igbo inside smh
I sleep
I wish he was here
nope, I got it from my gene, not you though. jk
I want fried chicken, spagheti and pizza, mommy
thankyouuu
broke the bank if I stuck by your predictions ....hence forth my Lady Luck
This throwing up shit out asf
...wasted a lot of time today
Lol sleep ?
He never gets tired of being an adorable baby
I Hate Waking up out my sleep
With cinnamon and honey
Me too who needs food anyway
13. Vainy hands and long fingers
Omg I die this early, I just woke up! His voice is like a choir of angels
cold as a mfcka out here
woke because my daughter was sweating her whole shirt was wet and her blanket. wonder if she had an bad dream or something
I need it now
Keep having this nightmare
My follower count is dropping slightly every day looks like waiting even longer to get back to 179 followers
I had to give up the vlive It was lagging so much that I couldn't see anything
goodmorning
Looking for a recommendation for a in to tell me why my immersion heater stay warm.
sad that is out of the BB house. To me, a happy, honest and kind person with class and integrity
Nah, Joe is foul.
my life need this kind of shit plzz
Mon El
Not only the price of Daxam but the prince of my heart (yes being very cheesy but I miss him so much
ff to the next weekend plz
ready to be in my bed, even though only for a couple of hours
ugh their minds
actual tea sis my weave was snatched
aking cord
Im so tired and i look terrible
I been up all night playing the game I evn realize what time it was let me take my ass to bed
Waking every hour in night sweats I feel disgusting I'm showering at 4 am
why am I up?
been so long
How i wish.
Oh my God so adorable. I understand you girl my daughter do the same thing all the time.
I feel terrible. I spent all of sweetest day getting my hair done. Then took him out on a budget but he seems
On the 25th year of my life, I shall self diagnose myself as lactose intolerant.
Goodbye cuppocino and latte
Idk how yall do 7-3 shift mannn sleep walking
Was really lazy since I reach my goals lately but that even the main goal so why having that lazy attitude now
I love that you searched and to pull up the tweet
I just wanna stay home w my family today
Babe legit scared
I'm craving for ramen
Sango
That's like a minimum of minus offering every Sunday
Not too much to worship God
SEOKJIN IN A HEADBAND IS MY WEAKNESS!
Ug , I really hate doing nothing
I know and the worst part is th damage is already done we can encourage people to block
Broken once again
My 13 years old jamming to She Wolf without knowing the actual meaning.
Monday Hurry
I don't like listening to RnB music with mom coz it makes her miss my late dad
I need new hats
moa wing n out atc molito all home,, hays tired af but super solid iloveyou hehehe
poetry in motion
So when are they ever gonna start doing any of this
You know you are jet lagged when you use your body wash as a lotion
First Sunday that I worked in MONTHS omg
Can I go to a family lunch in my pjs please
My fear was losing someone so very special to me and it happened I lost him...
Beans is your best food?
Alicia & Finn really could have been THAT otp I love their scenes so much
so the card that could get any of us into fansign
I woke up at 7am and 12am now and still thinking if i should go back to sleep or study
i freakin love dna from bts. I wanna go back in time
this is mee to
Temperature in Lagos is warm
Runaway from girls who sleep with their on
If they can deprive themselves from comfort then who are you
You are lucky for remembering it
You are so funny
same
Man I see you tho
Trying so hard to motivate myself today to actually do productive adult things
but not even like that man
She really is , going to miss seeing her
All The Time
Wow! Giving our history on here, safe to say I safe this is so weird but, I love you too my G
I'm such a hoe for good vocalists lol
I uploaded bare videos of me playing with a kitten and my mcm told me he hates cats I said pardon he said hates them. What nonsense
VERY MUCH INDEED YES!!!!!
na lss ako sa unfaithful ugh impact
Tell me just being cheeky!!
tell me about it
Meghan Trainor
THE HOLO ONE ITS SO PRETTY
Fuck work
Seriously craving french toast
It should be illegal to have to work this early & on a Sunday
look at his sQUISHY FACE uGh
Gosh. Ofc I have it because I live abroad I even change it. Does this mean that I
Canada got me tired af
Sana hindi ito last kita namin ni bebe this month
Just now getting in
Run bitch
finally home
i miss tf out my man
My body so sore i need a hot shower & a nice massage
These are the best grapes had in a long time, they were $8
Working sundays man ffs
acc me until i need a charger at work and no one has one
I just want my boyfriend back home to me, I hate being away from him
my navel hurts really bad haaaalp
I need some pussy
Same! one needs to start saving
8 you almost here
I need coffee
Lol see as Kigali did you well ..you even add small flesh
hate when my daddy tell me bad news, all I do is stress God if you take my daddy, please forget to take me too
i just want exclusive taynew merch where's the photobook
Sorry guys cause find me funny gonna stop comedy.
WE MOVE..........
hayst why sucha marupok? ugh
awww i love you, val.
gutom na akoooo then i remember di pa pala aq nakain bcos i chose to sleep
still living for last night vibe still cant get over it.
Tonight we
This guy asked for my number at 7/11 but his friend was cuter
why I go to sleep
THANKS I NEED THAT
we're on the same boat I see may the odds be ever in our favour
Most definitely gotta record the whole season obsessed with everyone on HEREEEE
I feel this.
tired
I think imma gone head and get a new phone this one pissing me off
I'm not ready for the weekend to end because it means hubby's break is over.
back to college
This that love always wanted , ion ever want to go back
sweats. i'm tryna stop swearing but i'm used to it and people around me curses a lot
wait for mine to arrive
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince rn
Where my man
I honestly feel bad for my boss
My nails look atrocious but sooooooo TIRED!!!!
Watching and bruv we got cheated
sorry kung magulo man 'tong thread na 'to, i can't express myself properly
I just wish I could sleep
that lip bite, was it really necessary
Also need someone to explain why I woke up shirtless and had 2 girls on top of me the sound of the purrr really woke me up.
finally finna go to sleep
I need to b sleep I worked 6 days straight
I have had some extreme highs this year coupled with extreme lows.
Rindu my siblings
thought get a little nibble of some mancs but not
Mid valley & IOI Mall
How I wish I can go
others: sembreak na pagala-gala na
us: kaharap ang reviewer, book, at calcu
People with soft, soothing voices melt my heart .. Megan Markle , Dakota Johnson , Jessica Conte , Jamie Dornan
BOBBY IDEK WHAT TO SAY ANYMORE
you people and your black and white thinking
This is just insane
Okay thank you I was sad and all . It replay in my head
Lmfao basically but hey maybe it was much more to them
i need to buy something but i don't want to go out... can someone buy it for me pls?
I never met up with you to give you your Kandi
Headache. Whyyyy?
Hallelujah! The parcel just arrived
7, 31, 41, 42 and not on the list
jookyun are so annoying
Jerry
I THINK SHE'S GORGEOUS
\
( (>
_/ \_
all they do is complain about failing but fail to actually help themselves . Our future lawyers
ice bear for my bday
I see you bother visiting Friday!
Oh for real?
This is the at 18 !!!
ayee we got 16k likes where my 2 spins at boio
woke up to hella missed calls/msgs
Choi! I'm too far away..
be glad when my neighbors done fucking they banging the headboard soooooo loud
I want curry
i be wanting to lay down and cuddle but ion have nobody
I believe helping a crush buy a present for his soon-to-be girlfriend could hurt me THIS much
i wanna go see a race next year soooo badly, spa really got me addicted
Some north boy just called their mom
I am actually tired
Broooo Why am I not sleepy
of all the things in the world that could trigger an allergic reaction from me for the first time, it had to be alcohol huhuhu
it really is
Some boys are broke themselves
I hope I stay sick until I fly to London. cold af there not gonna help
hello i finally get to tweet about mnl and SHEMS ANG LINIS NG BOSES !!!!!!! the voice
last day of clinical rotation fucking finally
Ahh mon, if I won I you same time Kubi ku bird
Discovered a whole new level of pizza last night maybe years behind but it was a donner kebab pizza and my god it was good
realise I allowed to do things because a certain someone like it literally you have one
Please tell me that you are reconsidering
Why is everything I want so expensive
time you rested, you rested for a i felt that
Tomorrow is monday again UGH
bucked up been long enough
Worse: it means no REAL opposition.
My feet are so swollen & im so tired
I just want one nasty round... just one
take me with you
i want a daddy to spoil me and watch me cum for him
Waaaaah just charged me twice for coins I only purchased once
I heard that Taeyeon is crying crying too
The UGG shop has been replaced by Dr Marten at York Designer Outlet
jaman idol school
I love sicknote
Rupert grint makes me soft
I got some new cereal I wait to try tomorrow morning
48. I have crush in real life. I mean jeno and jaehyun are my crush
49. Kiss the rain
50. I
Oh for real? He looks quite handsome
But this is the at 18 !!!
My bed is so cozy rn I wanna get up
How am I even awake
Sugar mummy that would just be giving me money and expect nothing from me
I want
I don't want to feed myself paracetamol because I don't have a fever or anything but I need to work today
HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME
honestly our power
My mom is a real one
I wore heels for 10 hours straight, so proud of myself
And duck just had to release new batch to scarves
2 weeks craving for milktea huhuhu
What scent is the candle, I see
Quality Policy
3 out of my 5 nails on my left hand have broken and it looks a mess
Do not, I repeat do not go into this fall and winter season without body butter. It is skin suicide You
Midas well finish the rest of the tree : Hal cooper
-mf annoys me to no end
- he shot fred!
-he was an
This was me on Fridaypia sisi wa med school mtukumbuke mkiomba
wa-hou. putain
Will there be iru and eja gbigbe inside?. I've not eaten since last week
Why have you unfollowed
You know what sharting means, right? Yeah mate issa joke
Same to be honest I'm constantly tired, grumpy, disinterested in events etc all the signs of low mood x
It seems like almost everyone in the world texts you except the one person you actually want to talk to
Nigga tryna kill me with this hit as heat on
last 2 subjects tom
Sobrang bored
Did not want to get up this morning
vro lemme eat ur booty no homo
Got called off I could have stayed out last night
0221208636 Lopez Yetunde Joanne...I need it for my businessGod bless you
Ooooohhhh is it??? All the notes from Elisha in there too.. ugh I want to leave
Which will disappear upon his bail being approved!
I miss the players we had then also... Connolly, Waghorn, Celina, Webster
Ready to knock out in my bed
I wait to tear up some twin peaks when Dustin gets home then lay in bed for the rest of the night and finally get a good sleep
London Roots
Thank you! Was the lushest day! But today I resemble the walking dead! struggle is real xxxx
I just came back from school can someone PLEASE tell me what this whole billboard hunt is
Up when I wanna be sleep
This's true
Di ako makamove on sa
My nieces or nephews not babies anymore
blame it on the alcohol...
Man so blessed, family
Akala ko pati leche flan may chicken oil.
Hoping I never find out that anyone else , cause i love you just how you are
Maigod 5 hours feels like 5 days ! What the af
Tired but sleep
Real slap
I'm coming please, let me arrange my collar well first
pay me any mind
saddd.
Man we needed that critique session
my prayer was long asf last night i had some shit to get off my chest
And you realize at such a random or awkward moment & wonder how long been like that
My whole Destiny clan is gone from PS4 and went to PC. Now like, who is gonna play with me now?!
This table shaking
I need sleep
I need food
I need holiday
I need free time
I need quality time
I really need that
Up with the kid cause running a fever. out of nowhere seems like.
Omg 40 my drive to work is all tiny back country roads and 40!!! How long did it take to arrive?
Oh for real? He looks quite handsome
But, this is the at 18. Already carrying his country on his
I really need uThulisa Mvambo to reply to my DM
lordddd, my mom just got one too you got the panoramic sunroof in yours?
My laptop has a big black like running across it
I was meant to watch it today I? But now I gotta work over the club and I even know when be home from work
Saturday na please
I can't wait to have this moment
Re tla utlwa akere?
I can't try it with you
You'll shout all my government names
Sorry for the disappointment
YOUR NATURAL SKIN IS BEAUTIFUL BABY DON'T WHITE WASH
want want macao imperial
Sooooo random! lol been way too long
extremely anxious and uncomfortable because having a hard time saying no why am I like this
Bout to be SLUMPED!
I been able to sleep right
My Sundaying
Stop I cant go
Need after this shift
One day I wish to be on this level of beauty
Thank you for this tour. Europe will miss you
same!! I only had three drinks but I sleep now
Finally getting home and of course now i realize hungry and nothing but condiments in my fridge
I Feel Sick I Prolly Need Sleep
insanlar
My energy went from to 2% real quick
I think just his face
I'm soo late to this but the mention of Zayn literally makes me so happy
hopefully I can fall back asleep
I'm currently reading a 1600s play for my literature class and I can barely understand some parts
I be waking up tooo early
Be careful what you ask for
Stay falling asleep without charging my phone
Can we skip monday and Tuesday? Fast forward na tayo sa tour namin.
you guys look so beautiful
Still imagining the satisfying taste of brownies with vanilla ice cream on top...
I wish he will wake up already
Tempting to drop out of course
The tears that flooded my eyes, the pain on my heart reading this
For once twitter gave me an early notification Seokjinnie power
new address?
This annoying ass cough go away
I love cows
i am such a sucker 4 cute notebooks
People waking up, I been to sleep
I stand long services
Gotta be at work early ughhhhh i need to be sleep! Ima have a whole attitude
Something gotta give & I already know what
Patiently Waiting , But I Know How Much More Patient I Can Be
No I did not
AHHHHHHHHHHHH IF THIS AINT THE CUTEST THING
me when I listened to I live
Continue to do what doing please
Here I am shouting out into the twitter void that I cannot sleep at least become used to my new early
Wow .. wow .. wow . We always know the end ..
I know why i want to avoid it
Finally headed home
have his babies today
My son drives me mad with this - every other day we have a Where Are My Airpods? situation. Wish never bought them
I woke up for no reason at 5:30 w a lot of energy.
Damn
Why couldnt Hyoyeon come ALONE bitch i want a hyotae selca
joke lang di yun tamang way for now
Why am I up ?
IM MILDLY EMBARRASSED BUT when I have the courage I will definitely post them
omg Shan what can I say absolutely sensational performance as I said before it an absolute
I only believed it cause it looked like his merch
Afterall thewun is the little cutest boo i need to protect
TI daughter so fine
I know how to drive
Woke up with bad chest pains
Little wonders by rob thomas is such a good fucking song
omg these period cramps are killing me
can't choose
he knew i was ready to commit so he tweeted
ahhhh those lips
i like you kasi your voice is too cute and your eyes are so pretty ang approachable mo din and kind
Am I the only one who loves when your man randomly pull up to your house my favvvv.
Aquarius are great! Weird but In a good way lol I have aqua Venus & mercury
Innit though!!
The worst part of the day is waiting for your last class to come
Bruh I really hate when I come back from the bathroom I go back to sleep for shit and I was sleeping gooood
Why do doctors not warn you about withdrawal symptoms when going off a medication?
busy with our school wooooorks (maraming o kasi maraming school works chz)
What a night
It was only last weekend but it seems ages ago . Fab time with these peeps
are you me? Are me we? Are you mad?
I have some really good selfies for the gay tag later but so ugly I even get the love
my heart
Bad Breakout.
Times like this I wish was here with me in the same house to walk down the shop to get me lucozade
his lips are so plump
Health cooperate with me pls
I do it all the time
I swear I did t want to get out my bed
literally DEVO ... time for another outpouring of my heart and soul while ing jack, the poor man
gwapa kaayo jd hays
I
I need to calm first I'm so emotional right now
I swear 8 taking all day you almost there
so uplifting thanks so much!! the kinda girl everyone should know. amazing
The sleep exhaustion is real
yep but im unlucky asf.. opened ~90 cases.. no covert.. so sad
Sigh I miss my baby
so drained being a multifandom
How can someone just be fine like this? Oh Lord I see what you're doing for others, please do it for me
i gotta put lashes on tonight
I wish wake up
Sugarol by made me aweeee
yessss. sobrang bilis huhu
Every day I wake up I count down the days until I get to see my girlfriend 10 more days
When migraine hits me
I Bet My Co Workers Had Fun Tonight But I Know Baby Was Gone Say HELL No To Going Out In Houston , Sooooooo I Even Attempt To Ask
I am honestly tired!
Remember how easy life was living at home with parents
Man I wish I could sleep
Why is she lovely in silver
srsly tell me a time when jk with jimin, THE ANSWER IS NO INSEPARABLE
my. weakness. is. chen. wearing. turtle. neck.
What did i ever do to deserve such am okey not having a wiso
So important it? Yet so easy to overlook/not do
I been able to sleep in days wtffff
Missing Scotland
Dident even leave her yet & just the thought of it got me heart throbbing
YESTERDAYS VIP RESULTS
Pre Match:
Banker:
Inplays:
First Half Goals:
omg this lady is so annoying.
I forget that Sunday and I probably have said that fix me
i think i can do this , i need a long tight hug & some motivation to finish my school works tonight
I already regret taking this shift
Hala thank you ikaw din
chubby cheeks
okay so does anyone else think is so freakin hot after watching the series
im sorry babes ! i was shook.
This spect make me look old n Dh la mmg tk cntik
Frr the struggle with having to wear glasses
my sister just asked to tutor my nephew in his filipino subj...... why can't i help him in math instead, its way more easier for me
Running to my bed when I get off
They be going so slow man
same istg its bc of the heat
Milktea to Sunset realquick
this baekhyun looks so recent, guess he never ages
Happiness is now past tense
Morning
Oh how i miss this. nowwa days people get offended for the softest shit... smfh. This generation DOO DOO
Dident even leave her yet & just the thought of it got my heart throbbing
Pak pandir next please, my late mom always tell me pak pandir story before sleep . I miss her and her storys
do you remember that moment when you got the first time drunk vodka on stage in Poland ? How was it ?
Mag kasunod pala MIL and Earth and life jusq
you crazy. i feel like just that feature alone makes it look so much cuter
Wow.. got 3 hours before kick off and nothing to should already be in the boozer soft twat
theresa dami issue
awh of course!!! columbus is still an hour and a half away from me though
Why has twitter made it blurry
Miss any of last nights action?
Catch the event on repeat TONIGHT
9PM -
10PM
Must these pastors shout?
Tbh my head still hurts & idk who else is gonna die in these next couple episodes soooooo im going back to bed
Me, realizing that he's such a super-tidy-freak kind of person :
The way Rondo hit CP3 was just nasty
Hate Brexit with a passion
I believe my baby is already a month cryin
That season when your mood changes 180 degrees in a moment
current location
seriouslaa offline ticketing utk burn the stage tu start esok?
I KNOW RIGHT?! Every damn country should have it, what is this discrimination y'all
*hugs in understanding*
Hype is over, back to original programming
Sorry btch
i hate my bro TT where did he got that bluetooth mic? and why is he sing so loud im
i could use 5 blunts
No network til MONDAY???!! Nah that legal but dammnnn girl all I can say is let it all go and
Lol funny cause at my ultrasound visit he was like my and what do you know he really has his dad nose
I love you I keep thinking about his face last night staring at the crowd in awe with his jaw hanging open
Thread!!!!
Who upppp
Where is my mind this morning
Oh no Tash I hope your not getting what I have, a week on for me and
I wish
Take me back
Same....I think the weather changing , I was great like 3 weeks ago now I have flaking
Rip body clock
Damn
I just want to be home in bed already
Fed up getting clattered every Sunday
as if nearly the end of this amazing era and tour so proud of you teenie tiny I
Just cannot be arsed to do anything today
That season when your mood changes 180 degrees with the weather in a moment
But I have to see them
Faithful women still exist. It's just that out belly is not flat.
Why so cutieee sola
Bouquet of tulips flowers all over my feed. Arghhh wag ganyan, I want to go to Amsterdam na tuloy
I know this feel and I'm only 28
I can relate
i really been up since yesterday this same exact time u got up too
i dont feel good and im up like fuck
An El Classico without Messi and Ronaldo .
My adrenaline be sky high when mad I think I broke my elbow cause I punched threw her window so hard
I just want my ate while you hold my hand
wanna eat ramen and go
i really hope he comes
I'm just here for drinks, subway why I can do stuff done
Please... I could just about cry. I want it to happen so bad can someone write it?
time speaking with you You are all like family to me. I love you all and I hope we have a lot more great times together
Why am up off I sleep in for nothing
Well at least it wasn't the last announcement there's H O P E
you're too precious & kind love yaaa twinnie!!!!
worked both jobs and had the nerves to go out drinking idk how still even tf up yo
Cannot believe in town the one weekend working coming to yours soon!!!
I need some superrrrhead
it's sad to see that you're a troll that doesn't even know how to troll
practice ng speech choir tsaka hiphop bukas after class ano na??
my head is about to explode i gtg.
Kenapa birthday ayah kita sama
hungover and my dads driving with me through matlock telling me the history of it
Proud mummy moment Kai can now do the in wind the bobbin up
When I reached home man was slumped outside my front door like where's my keys? I need my keys Fam...GO HOME
Lemme go back to sleep cuz Mina play
creamlime vs ateneo uhhh
till when should we wait for fromis_9 well deserve 1st place
Not sure might have to buy the dvds !!!!
zzz monday na naman bukas ff to friday pls
that time of the year where u gotta let the kar run 20 mins before u leave
I really stayed up till 3:45 just to see the ending of S4 E5 of Power, finally time for bed
tired confused
legit
Thnx
i just want a bond . never fold
grabehhhhh ang thickkkkkk
all that nut
creamline vs ateneo uhhh
You can STILL play Institution all the way through swear I felt every song
Gahhhh i miss Uteh!
You guys are awesome!, happy to have some supporting friends like and also glad I could help you
We could do with him right now
Some wine, weed, food and greys anatomy is a mood rn
everything about this is so amazing
I hate my job, fr fr.
But the pay is LITTTTY !
Same, sis. Same
the best!!!
regretting taking that 2-4 hour nap earlier
That shower was liffffeeee honey
ashamed of how much I enjoy this we song
Definitely needing a night out soon
Select a topic + Literature review
She has the fluffiest and cutest cheeks I just wanna squish them
Omg is it acc you
I gotta edit a graphic for my new Halloween videos so gonna try and do that today if I can get my internet working.
kerjaannya p p p mlu
Grabe hangover auq na never again gyud
Just want to eat out all the time
2014 YUNG TIME NA NAGBA-BANGSAK, SAN PEDRO TAS HIDE AND CLAP PA KAMI SA BUONG SCHOOL GROUNDS
Lord, I see what doing for others
Like they say, not you when you hungry hahahaha!
My soul is so happyyyyyyy
I Be Up All Night Gon Have Bags Under My Eyes If I Keep This Up
he a needy hoe and just likes being dramatic
I hate you for being so handsome ilysm
Lemme catch up on Apocalypse since i watch since the premiere
that season again.. where my cat hogs the vent everytime the heat kicks on, leaving my room the coldest in the house
Kyle is going to my brothers baseball game and then watching my dad race... while stuck working
Thanks to the for helping me out with my outfit they the best!!
Hurt not at papas rn wow
when I was pregnant I use to have some wild ass dreams I use to wake up and be like wtfffffff
I just need bae, a blanket, a movie and some ordered food tbh rn
Finally getting to my bed
Standard challenge needed I think. Down so much this weekend
woke at 5:30am... just got on twitter AND THIS IS THE FIRST THING I SEEEEEE?!! your killing me too early jungkook
My woman crush
It took me was too long to post that last tweet. I kept forget to put the hash tag.
TANGINA MO
oral defense on tuesday best of luck!!!
Ahh koreaboo cringyyyyy
they're so tired lmaoo
I had to go get ready for work to get my mx money
No I actually hope they will keep their word and stay far
my lolo bought 2 pairs of our socks from and omg what a cutie
High light of my night was when Lorenzo tried being sexual and tried to on but instead ate a face full of cement
My bed smells like Reyes i miss his potato head ass
Everyone has became so obsessed with buying houses
ANG HOT NAMAN NI SEO IN GUK, AZAR
I can't wait for a week to see the semifinals
Just watched the whole game, damn Rockets and Lakers really had a UFC moment throwing punches and shit
was looking through my dms and i forgot about this xhshxbhz im so desperate
I miss our old life when everything was simple
FAKE News
why does Dragon Ball Super got me crying in the club rn?!
up horny af
When tf did I fall asleep I wake up and 7 in the morning whew
and early morning sex
i miss you every fvcking day
Lately I been chasing paper chasing gwap
Wrong move again
I deserve a fatter ass.. At least for this big stomock.
She has the fluffiest and cutest cheeks I just wanna squish them
We need Saberon too
Blizz where's your feline love
absent sa first night event ng csu days dahil sa til midnight na practice ngayon
Haybo, ndikrwam krwam.
My feet hurt them bitches braking
SHFSJDJSJ i know i know, babe just wish my ass could come up with some cute grecente fluff
ghad i miss this
my 20s but having knee problems like I can relate
promi flash baby this it germans aint shit ughh
If it was possible,my arms wud hv been directed to him lastnyt
I want to be part of this too.
I am drenched out & CSC exam is tomorrow, I have not studied anything yet
alright George if your busy , busy you help it ,my half term in not next week the week after
Bro this girl is so fine
What type of sick person goes round breaking biscuits.....
only been listening to Ella Mai new album she come to play! No disappointments at all
I wait to get off and go lay in bed
That's all so pretty
Can they like... sell them on Amazon germany?
just to damn early for me
My face is sunburnt
Fam all getting is Donnie has a child and a sister
Now this is the weirdest thing ive read so far omg
hope you coming through my guy
Tired of learning
well i feel like a terrible human this morning
Shownu please be mine
My pinky hurts
Cancelled all plans today, I need my rest!
mind you
i feel special i dont deserve I'll miss u too
Dying for a day down at the football, weekends are extremely boring just now
Emi gan stew. Stew everywhere
I would seriously kill for some hot Cheetos rn
Drake brought out YG
I had to they deserve to know what and how kim lip can make them feel
Oohhh realise asked to be referred to as she? I like her sha. I like anybody that promotes bleaching
No wonder I haven't seen them since last year and the maynard sour worms too
Sweating out the alcohol .. goodness gracious
I pray this work day go by fast
God forbid this is true. I been yet
I have Gordon, Hyde and Aaron Jones (bye) as my rbs lol
Bros why?
Yo Jill, crazy
If they offer vto lol taking it idc tired
My alert went off so annoyed right now
I just started using dove ugh , does it really not work?
akong story 15m ago. Awa iya reply oh 3m ago HAYYYYYS
Arg man this is too cute
I wish I can get my dad back ion speak on his death cause a how other type of hurt
Kal se school
Never realised how much stuff I had until it came to packing up to move...
my nails have always grown so fast and with the prenatal forget about it keeping me from getting them
You know right
I think I have some sort of throat infection ORZ whenever I swallow my throat and my right ear (.?????) hurts
Never knew
i wish my stink wake up with me
Lmaooooo what the fuck did I miss
with mang tomas yes
you niggas worst then females fr
"I love my bf so much,can't wait to see him"
So why's he still on Grindr Hun,looking for fun....some gays anger me so much
my show
Someone help me find Ms.Sherad or Ms. Semple
Jiwon, please!
but. i like the braves and also have to sign duda again
Damn I missed a fight
ayoco nuaaahhhhh sobra na!
Swear down
Majority's weakness Monday
This day is always gonna be so hard it been 7 years
I could do with a full cooked meal
3 kids later... *flips table* WHERE IS MY FAT?!
he, did he? I know. so confused and frustrated
I even get out th car
Facts
My parents push me to attain high grades
Its my choice
up early tryna get back home i cant wait to get my car cause i hate taking yhe train
This CR7 economy is expensive we just have to marry rich yoh ha.ah
The struggle is too real
Sorry to you
been up all night
I know what to fucking wear today. I need a stylist
Fufu is good please, hating because I get any
Two nights out on the trot - one 6am return; the other 4am
I wish this was a joke how early awake rn
Facts
exactly my dear, we all know one of those
My phone is the only thing that can make this weakkk too much weak dmndamnnnn!!!!
HARDWORK PAID OFF
this baby be kicking my ass omg
GANDAAAA I MISS YOU IDABABES!
I have the worst joint pain
Sun kissed
No i saw it on Instagram
KSHSKSHSKSHS your brain really did u like that
Wallahi. I was so frustrated that day.
I have to be to work at 7 still in bed with my son on my chest want to move
Howwww this even reach so far
my OKAY BUT I REALLY LOVE THIS MOVIE HAIS
Christ these fanboys I thought that fanboys era was lost when left! back at my club
Realised yesterday that my hips have slimmed down and that was one of my biggest insecurities so happy
am i asking for too much
The concentration on his face
Glad We Got Heat & Central Air At the crib cause Fuck That
I just started this afternoon! Now you've got me worried
These bitches BDs be shiznyeeee
Dogs loveeee chasing cats
i like it a lot except that the high bassline is irritating to me
I noticed that the other day I used to love those
Why are they so cute I can't help but to adopt them SO FLUFFY
update: im almost positive they're little kicks & its honestly making my heart jump cause wow she's getting a move on
senyumnya aduh
1.5 liters
Olova keep posting that picture of PJ where I look so crusty in the background I even know about this
This hurts so bad
Someone run errands and get food with me todayyy.
Yooooo
where are we going next - drunk people at 6am when we have to leave the club
Lebron is playing with a bunch of punk ass kids, come back to Cleveland dad
When Peach of Mind by G Herbo comes on shuffle, a whole concert as soon as you hear that beat
I just wanna go home and lay in my bed, I feel so sick
I am gaining weight okay but gaining it on my stomach. How to transfer the fat to my ass and boobs please how did Rihanna do it
I hope josh take me up there ready to be there NOWWWWW but i have to get Josiah fever down first
way to cold outside
Not from subic and olng. Pero mag ttravel ako
know that was average lol my baby weigh 10 lbs at birth
Cause who gone step like me .. FOR ME?!?!?? Nobodyyyyyy
Sorry
Yess ugghhhh
I made that same mistake last weekend felt like I was dying
I want to perm my hair, hi momma send me money please
My 20th went off man had such a sick day and night
The whistling at the end of Grow Up will always be my favorite sound
I literally just took a 2 1/2 hour nap.....whaat is my sleep schedule 6am
I even know what to do about these migraines I keep getting. Three days in a row now
So summer & warm weather really not coming byke
hii your day po??? Hello boriiiingg
I can confirm that This is true
uy miss ko na long hair ko
why cats how could you even think of dead cats finE i'm gluing myself to you
believe I left my sunglasses
kiyowo
Whyyyy what happened
Shame on you for getting with him in the first place if the way he flirts
7-7 today! ion think ima be able to do it
I love this cute little bun bun with all my heart He can have all my uwus & love
sorry tae
Uy kailan ba ulit mag co-comeback ang boyband natin? Miss y'all
the bias wrecker
the urge to reply is so high, but-
I swear I'm done with this app
had to step out like that
say it once, and say it again: I reallyyyy want to go to Iceland.
an eye opener
can i see miss kim jisoo wear this on any upcoming seoul's events?
Was on the ropes this morning mate
my phone says my Face ID has been disabled and I use my front camera how come Apple ? for natin
I would cum in you so many times
hello friends where can i watch HTGAWM season 5?? just watched the 1st ep and now the 2nd ep is not working on the site
That Other Milk Taste Like Water
hi sorry this ring really be the cutest i tried it on when my cousin got hers and damn
Blackout
Really could do without being in Aberdeen all week
i just need some luuuuv, tired of fuckin w these lames baby, i just need a thug
I believe I guessed the code to the house and got it right
never understood love till I had my son. out and like is he ok ? Is he scared? I love my potato Chips
he so cute
Can i have this bigassss screen infront of me on the 19th Jan, like literally infront of me
my phone says my Face ID has been disabled and I use my front camera how come ? for natin
Yes mommy, that too or plucking Kalembula, knowing you have to grab a big quantity even though it will shrink.
So curious on who you are
mad at myself for eating 3 burgers & a milkshake at checkers yesterday.... who hurt me
J'ai fais un bond ptn
that time of year i wish i had a remote start car so that shit can be warmed up already by the time i get in
my baby's lips are POPPING i hope you feel better
I always say going to spend my day cleaning but end up tidying my make up and getting back into bed
I only have one phone case and now broken
12, be 13 in Feb
Waiting for that one call. prolong my agony. Just freaking drop that feedback so we can all move forward
Me tooooI love that family so much legitly feel like a part of it.
shut up you two
i want this so bad
Bitch I miss you
& you could not even get him that skin colour Band aid SMH
about .2 seconds away from shaving my hair again.
Safiya!!!! Long time O! I always promise to come & look for you but I'm badly behaved
This heartburn is eating my alive
Sydney Renae so fucking underrated son. She so fucking bomb
really cold out here
This is a norm, I think I need to spend time with people now
COLOUR is shit who pulls that off, that well
Slow kissing on my thighs while he was making me cry his tongue pleased me & I said "this is how it should
The shorts would look great on TRACK NOT ON RED FASHION SHOW! legit so mad at the stylist or
I even sleep at this point
tfw free to be online on the weekends while the busiest on the weekends
so is it exaggerated or for real?? yes.
why tf i keep dreaming about you bsjbsjbsj fgs
The quality of this movie that good but it still shook me
wrong move bobo
For the first time in almost 6 months of breastfeeding, I got clogged ducts
already tryna faint on my flight this early in the morning
superstarbts enthusiasts, fighting for us... we got 4 days left and we're still at 52%
Mood
Chase & Status were fucking amazing at motion
we have a tv from you a 3D tv, and a black line has just appeared all across the screen help
HNGG
send me sum football highlights & ill be your supporter onna hunnid
Somebody pull up on me with some backwoods
I love red! If you maybe try Shiraz. my favourite and it taste too toxic like some wines
Pearl Farm is still in davao
Okey enough with Ali and Cihan need Mahir in her life now
I agree with what her dad said
people are calling them the male version of life is strange
I aspire for this kind of friendship
AKO KANINA PA KAHIT HINDI KO ALAM YUNG MEANING SA PICTURE PA LANG NAGHIHINGALO NAKO HUHUHU
every weekend I think hit a new low but it just keeps getting worse this gunna end
I know really sad it the amount of likes you get be a reflection of yourself
with egusi and plenty fish or jollof rice and dodo! Epp a sister choose please.
going on 7 in the morning and just now getting back on campus
Worse, I transferred Salah
Snapchat is sooooo hard
i met this lady in hollywood she had green hair damn she looked good i took her to my house
he was so stressed!
Shooter lit af
I'm so stressed out
Dumb High Atp ..
I feel you
so tired and i woke up late too
cold , aggravated & tired
Do it.
But there where they kill people of all places
When i have a budget for one dress but i want to but three dresses
Where do u find me father sjjajajaa
Gosh I Want Some Donuts Krispy Kreme , Publix Brand , Dunkin Donuts Idc
para akong Dentino Enamel Junction most sensitive!
headache
Of course they did! Anyone knownwhere can acquire them in ebooks? Really need to catch up!
I changed the account more than once but the same result .. I can not vote
Nam, please ewallet me.
Sarap ng Iced Coffeeeeee nagccrave akoooooo
I can't wait omg
then when I have a real crush especially on somebody I see everyday .. they better crush on me back
i jgh... What did i miss?
Being on a diet when you have a child is so hard, here I am surviving on water and my child is next to me eating cheese on toast
Where is my plane ? Lol
Make Oyinbo sick dey. Small disease no dey kill African man. Abhi no be so.
Ha God they want to use bread to pack our stew on this app.
Aaaaa this is so unfair
i want to apologise for the lack of dance videos recently, damaged all the tissue in my wrist and muscles in my arm
When i have a budget for one dress but i want to buy three dresses
I get it, how hard could it be, there even is an edit
God is a woman
Is that a snake
Precisooooo
Wish I rough
Sorry
send earphones
You sell out so fast
turbulence on a flight has me all way fucked up every simple time
you lying shitttt
need new tats
SA Reject .
enough for the day.
This is me, but with food instead.
Always tired
My baby starting to get sick & its fucking w her sleep she never wakes up through the night ugh
Super tough
Are you joining the thread or viewing alone?
Peace meme nioune contane negne. Enfin pod watouna
I went into London at 9am for an eyebrow appointment and the woman even do them properly wasted
it was closed
Balotelli was good with them and we still bought him
That classic red Ferrari
i need motivation to finish my tech assignment, like 3/4 done and due on Friday
Wish it was Glasgow miss you so much ,,
Houston LA game got crazy
we still have mega millions
Sorry girl !
Yeah! We want to, but we just can't. It's crazy!
Jags D or Vikings D this week? IDK who to start
I need me someone who I can go cafe or small restaurant hopping with
4am work shifts are killing me
we should stay to vhope
Doing this long train journey without headphones is a myth
after my 3 am movie marathon
I feel you bro- done an absolutely rubbish job of consuming spooky media this October
That said,
Team Order appeals only to the fans whose drivers benefit from it.
El classico without messi and Ronaldo, is that one even el classico?
Ghanaian praise is about to be so lit
ITS COLD AF OUTSIDE
This cough is the worst I swear everyone at church must have thought I was dying
I was all tired and wait to get home to sleep, but after that shower not even sleepy anymore
Mimaaaaa
got a phone call about my grandma & heart just broke
turbulence on a flight has me all way fucked up every single time
im alive and ded at the same time
early as hell and I want some mac and cheese
awwwwww who said that rose and jennie are not close?????
Have they ever not seen his move or what?
so not ready for Monday morning
naaa one month is long enough hahahah
the New York Times that dodgy paper ?
can I get next to you right there? lol
i keep having to come online for minghao updates. where's that damned ig post, loml. i need it
NAK BALIK RUMAH
this pregancy is kicking my ass but all worth it
Suncity is eating my soul
Fucked up dreams
My god, can you imagine the pain sat on this bus listening to that lot
his cardigan pls so cute
honestly what the fuck is wrong with me where wake up brush my teeth then need to nap again like I get
2/3 of it at least
Jgh, super pagod tas hello reqs na!!
39. i have a 13h day on campus tomorrow so most likely dying
She the one who know me well
block me pls I feel left out
Was a little but worried there for a bit ,,,, would of hatted to see the Libs win ,,,,,,
huehue mhonerz my crushy
This use to be me every night lmao.. hurt, high, and drunk af for about a year damn I was drinking everyday
I would have gone if one of you mfs didn't get me sick
arghhh otp
gugur jantung
The cold caught up to me, I'm feeling like shit
Bikin mood ancurrrr
Ok ready
peace is watching her sleeping in your arms comfortably and sleeping after placing a kiss on her forehead
Same I was so sure I'll only buy one but the collection at Vero Moda is really good this time
PLEASE fucking do us dirty like this at Freaky!! Please
my mom gonna leave me on read ffs
I HAVE JAYS NOTIFS ON TOO
Headache
i hate the fact that we can't tag idle in our photos
Infinite Fanmeeting in TW is sold out but why there are lots of people selling tickets???
Really just want to stay in my bed all day
And my baby been screaming half the night cause he teething
its early asl & i feel so sick
This the fall weather I was looking forward to.
I wish
Currently at work still fucked up
my biggest L today is ordering ribs at wimpy
I want iced coffee rn
But here I am waking up early from sleeping early alone
Nothing worse than waking up on a Sunday and having to go to work
be silly babe your amazing! I love you more
I really miss going to church every Sunday I wait for a new month to correct my work schedule
I GOT SPILLED TOO MUCH
I dreamt that I bought my first car. I was so happy, my family was so happy Dear God, ready
If you don't like him why go on his personal social media accounts though?
& like damnnnnn Doc lol you had to say it like that huh?
back to the normal routine, pls bring me back to last thursday
Who ever stole linglings phone your moms a HOE having my ass driving around in the ghetttooooo
do you still remember wit all o dat clout
looking at housing fascinate me I really want to build a house from the ground up
I love sleeping and being cuddled up in your arms
still willing to be your human diary though dami pambobola!! imy!
I really need a dog in this life.
Why does time go so quick when you want it to last as long as possible?
you know me well miss you too
Thank you love
Not my view though hahah
Oi my Aunty was the worse
I know that feeling
bqt iba impact sakin ng wedding vows nina toni g? still got me everytime
I weep for Nigeria
i am 2high to go to sleep rn
I just woke up to this , i miss my sis too let me find out you off and if you not coming to your jobbbb
Xavier heights gyud bay
wait till I always have a good morning text to wake up to
Jan yo ekri Victoria's secret lan vreman professionnel
Oh this gonna be good
Cutie pie and he knows it
Lol look who's talking. I've been lifting but I can't live without cardio
I made the cutest envelope last night
Yes a video, and it will never be seen by the general public.
The music here in the bus is making my head aches moreee
The one day in the mood to wander and explore, all the stores are closed cause Sunday
My lil baby is getting so much better at sleeping through the entire night.
ikr...... but wew
My stomach so upset
Just want it to be festi season again
actually really starting to stress about college and what courses to take and being alone again like I want too thanks
Today was such a long day for me. Goodnight world
& I love cuddling with him he be smelling so good & I like rubbing his arm til I go to sleep lol I just miss my baby man
Tf im up for
getting my Dreamcatcher, wjsn and rv albums tmrw
My body so tired
Samkelo Ndlovu when you need her?
Meanwhile I be up around the clock checking on him.
I sleep
Ff to sembreak pleaseeee
worse than busting to go to the toilet and then end up just sitting there for half an hour with no drop
Let me add some pics to this collection Truly a blessing.
Worked 7 days straight plus overtime today is finally my night off . Nigga I made it
Omg why
I thought I was the only one that felt this way
I came
dia nervous sis first time
Spread the message
My nephew, I eat and breathe pawn patrol when I visit them
It should be illegal to be this cold outside and I know really not even that cold yet Send help
Weekend accomplishment!
My eyes though...
sundays are depressing af
Arlindo
I woke up feelin sick as shit
Tired of driving already
too,
Pls make it happen
I hate spots
I believe you cause I have the same theory abt guys....
You're supposed to support the cause, not the disease Whos man is this!?!?
Let's hang in Our prayers are still stuck in traffic
You're too loud fam but I hear you
The ideal vacation
How on earth do you lose a hat off your head?
Overthinking
love my life
There were actual fisticuffs in a prime time NBA game and I missed it
wanna hit the gym again
Who's your dealer?
Where Is Shanaz I Really Need Her
12 get this bread tho
There is nothing worth than snapping your nail!!! FACT
Let me Jpay him & tell him how I been woke for a hour & sleep
The things nobody knows about me
I mean what else do we need a phone for
amen & thanks
oh yes please [[cross fings]]
i think same nudity sisters
The way my mouth is watering
This insomnia is no joke just trying to sleep.
Me too girl
Good luck
I hot the wrong job
Levels done leveled up on us!
Idc how hard life get never wearing no fake Shit
I jst wanna go back to sleep
May have been a little heavy-handed when washing up a minute ago
I can't understand the reasons why you say you're leaving
'Cause you were so in love with me yesterday
masternim spill your camera settings
we know junhoe already looks good but this? top tier visuals
im ready for November 8th LETS GET THIS GCF
WTH! The way he looks at her uggghh
wish my guy could've been there tonight
My boo is literally the bestt i love every second i spend with him
We were supposed to be there
Haven't voted in 2 days Bathong. Should set a reminder
Realising Daredevil 3 is out has totally derailed the plans i had for today
can taeyeon release that new song already i've had it on loop in my mind since yesterday
how do I stop being annoyed at little things
Lol I'm willing to wait shame
not even gonna say what I really I wanna say
this thread Trinidadians does make jokes out of everything I would dead if I seen dis lawddd Fatha
Of course up at this time
keep having really bad hot flushes
Downsizing is a lot harder than It was a lot easier to just put things we thought we might want someday IN THE BASEMENT.
These leather seats no joke when cold
I never thought I would like airmax this much
Wtf kab jan chorein gey yeh. Sick af.
243?! Are you fucking kidding me what did i do to yall am i that annoying
I have lost my autograph book help me!
I miss your nuggets and they miss me. Pls consider a contract with AAFES and put locations at overseas Army bases
My stomach hurt
dunno what to wear for dinner tonight
sexy35-and-tony: bickenhead21: yoannathegirlnextdoor: As a mf Hard and horny
::looks at time:: damn I could stay up or sleep some more
This is beautiful .
Woke up so hungry
This what you call aging gracefully.
basta don't be like them?! jk. i love using the colors you like sa edits ko
lol men come up with cutest ideas when in love whoa I would cry so much
Found one but ran
haaay kapoya sa whole day practicee but very nice sa feeling
the fact that i cant dw no more
Good morning!! so used to getting up early for work and now that my day off I go back to sleep
To be announced? Kailan? Tayo ba, O ano? Waaaaa!
Tayo na:
I Woke Up Body Hurting Like A Mf
Terrified to admit the truth
I misss my mans whole ass lifeeeeeeeee
still super sad that i get a PFD for the fourth year in a row.
I had big plans this year. so
between dmoni and deja i know who sleeps worst think ima start hopping on the couch cause gawd
Why are u doing this to me?
you are the real one
And the grind starts
annoyed by how cute this is
I have work tomorrow evening
bitch this hit too close to home
The Ref during the Rajon vs CP3 fight
omds what kind of wild childhood
Dawg the room is spinning
I done put up with some work cause my legs hurt !!!!
When your vibrator stops working how am I ever gonna sleep now? ritual for me to rub one out before bed.
never staying up till 6am to watch a game ever again still so tired and 12:10pm
Wish would grow up and start delivering to my address
I'm gonna take a short break!! will be back when I'm stable
we have no wifi and im living on a 1 bar signal.
Honestly, I think the guys around you don't appreciate a pretty dime when you they see one
Someone please put up the hands like houses set list also a pic of the merch would be a bonus
So stressed
How do you people happen to have clean shaven pussy?
this makes me so sad, it was a brand new jar as well
Lol yeah. All the way to Blue Lagoon and surrounds. The app on my phone says that I cycled for like a whole 10km
doh nganong out of stock na ang musical boxes
Finally, Home
nothing to do
Tired of waking out my good sleep to pee
Can i do this homecoming shit again?
Oh crap... CP3 why you gotta start the physical shit
I have 6 prominent lines on my palm
Most people seen have 3
If I have the luxury of having them then yes!
Waking up hungry I forgot I eat dinner
Kenwyne Jones and Steve Mounie
Completely Drained
Finals and OD
Completely Drained
Perfect at singing...perfect at drawing....is there anything you perfect at
relying on Jordan Pickford to get me some point today and Maguire tomorrow
It better be this way
I go back to sleep
Well, it was nice knowing you all.
Excuse me , I miss live
PCA voting ended finally .... but know why i feel a bit upset about being so free
Love journey home with a rotten hangover only 2 hours to go
can't wait to get my unveil goods
But thanks to syurah fr cmming over blanje makan & she bought me smtg from cotton on untung gila aku
Why am I really awake rn and sleep
Honestly
Still thought we were getting kidnapped
Had fun tonight
9 get here fast enough . Lawd ready to go home
Always looking forward to mine so they can just pass.
God should've given periods to these loud mouths instead.
2030
so damn tired i been working for 9 days straight , so glad off tomorrow and tuesday i can sleep in alll day tomorrow.
my back hurts so bad
found a dead on the lawn this morning Think it was this little one captured on the trail
ion even know why im up
I feel sick just by looking at this video but I want this dipped burger
Planned to take a nap before I went out last night and I just woke up .
I wanna show out so bad lmbg
been up for 2 hours now
i badly want to go to Seven Seas
Wanted to take my daughter to the pumpkin patch today hope it rain all day
Uncomfortably accurate and relatable
I forgot how much I hated getting up at 7 on a Sunday
one spelling mistake that really winds me up and definitely/defiantly...... the words even mean the same thing
Im so sick i cant even shower bcs de water soo colddd(just an excuse to not hit the shower)
My Mom Did That At A Car Wash not that long ago
he's so cute urgh !!
He was OUTTA there!
Everything just happened so fast, relive it any day so much positivity and love in the moment
On bed rest
so damn gorgeous how can someone like him exist? Oh god and look at his lips I just wanna kiss & suck it and
The weather on the weekends recently is not conducive for studying
That second guessing shit a mufucka
as innnnn even still intoxicated
HE IS VERY GORGEOUS TO ME
\
( (>
_/ \_
Need
If its this cold in the morning and its not even November . I can only imagine wtf its gone be like when it
pretty sure he said it since boss era
Finished Stranger Things season 3 wya
I'm so busy living in the moment every time, I forgot to take pics and videos
Same
deal with these headaches
dude irritates tf out of me but like why u gotta be sooooooo fine
that's the point
ADE has killed me off, absolutely broken
skyes twitter so trash tight smh lmfao
4 am and starving but I eat this late
the boats are running an hour behind because the only ones off the island all good at
tengok mandi makin horny pulak u look so sexy
So much planning and shit to do when a 1 woman team
my babyboy he's so precious uwu
So excited to get back to wimpole hall in the new year, one of my fav places ever, been way too long
This conversation made me laugh
Lmaoo
Was gonna see if u wanted to check out midnight madness Friday but it got rained out
Started my morning with a hike then got lunch in Seapoint I'm honestly living my best Caucasian life
jghome blessed, tyL
so much shinee stuff to watch but ended up rewatching hwarang again
busy stressing about ruining it instead
So ready to take this time off
When I say I cry like a BABY everytime I see this, boooyyyyyyyyy
If I forget my little speaker, imma cry
My house
I neeeeed me a you fr
What a fkn waste of time
Uhhh wow, editing on AO3 is annoying. Especially when you have a German keyboard and have to fix all of the quotation marks by hand.
This literally is the most beautiful thing witnessed so far today.
pretty sure they have there own bets on Betfair
We didn't get through the checkout until 11!
Have to get my office set up right
Really!
shattered dreams
Unfollowing u, prick
I mean I kinda saw it coming but noooo they canceled and
I never look at his face cuz I cant handle it
kms bro honestly
Promised myself I go mad this Christmas on the kids and here I am still buying for them even though they were sorted ages ago
gaka pressure nako for tomorrow's proposal
Allergy hayssss
Came home last night with 30th balloons like why
Heem~ rindu
There putting a roof on it
speaking of kcpe , i legit have jitters on behalf of our baby
get in there kid
alwaysssss
I need to go back to Italy
You win tonight, prednisone.
Why I made this appointment so early
OML!! Yes I didn't notice her hair colour.
- I
everyone in law school is so rajin & so pandai how am i not feeling so pressured by the thought
We can actually do nothing but tweet our disappointment
After all we're going to love and
Not what we wanted to walk into before our game
She has a towel on head
Is it because its tagged Bridal SHOWER
same. i'm a proud filipino but man, i suck at it.
Please stop this alice band. I deal with this.
Let me quickly Ubereats for inspiration.
Look at our baby boy
It is
Why am I up?
cuddlleeee weatheeeer
Exactly
I even know her but oh my god
Um I really want that indoor grill
Driving would be much less stressful if every so often my satnav just told me how well I was doing
u str8 . jus now looking at my phone call me backkk
This sun fit cook indomie .. where the nearest sea side view at..
2018 has been a rather baffling year still a few months left aswell
Bruh... this is so me!
Really will be at work all day
off warm bubble bath & sleep i go
Hitting them books today
I want to sleep but I l realize, I still have many paperworks to do
bus plan natin
How beaut
I need a new phone walahi but a sister is too broke
How is this even possible
I really need to get back into the gym motivation is really needed
Her effort just so they can go
My skin is really going through it rn
I gotta stop going to bed early waking up before 6 is draining me
Lmao bruh had time to pause and check that nigga after he broke the tackle and all
just ready to go home I get off at 1:30 . & I came to work at fcking 2
Dark circles under my eyes is so
Primer examen de Politicas de Marketing y ya creo q voy a morir
Maria was bugging scheduling me to work at 8 am
Something told me wake up & look at messiah so what i did this dude way to the END of my couch finna fall his ass off
Story of my life at night
nun worse than waking up out yo sleep cuz yo stomach hurting
Rocky is back at posting selfies and wrecking me
toothache again
Going to brunch and drinking mimosas was my favorite activity. Who hates breakfast food at noon and drinks?!
i want to make a smol gc abt my biggest meanplanbestmark supremacists since i only have kim tbh
Fuck, why u so loud for
Damn I miss my boo
Can anyone help an out and tell me where I can watch American football in today? near the
I need a girl like this if I knew this girl she would be wifed up on sight
Its cold as fuck outside mane
whoah
Got meeting tonight at 9pm, got work that due 10am and duty convo at 6.30am tomorrow. I am no good at managing my time ain't i
Lmfaooo stop. I was at a bar last night and a fight started in front of me. I just wanted to join in just to fight
sure her shoes are even giving her an extra boost
Good job so pretty outside to keep me distracted - that was 5k of hell
Oh I see Good luck! I hope you will get Baekhyun's card because I heard that it's VERY hard haha
I love this
what to watch after watching black mirror episodes ??? fuck my brain is so disturbed
Miss my bed
About to go home & sleep for an hour & then get up and get ready for church
yes yes!
The node forever
you my platinum papi tho
just too many of
Bas shaleena Durr rahiyo isse please. She should really stay out of this. No styling by her
Someone please kidnap her for just 2 days
ba't ganto update ng twitter ughHhhh
I need a Dang a Lang part 2!
I miss my
Loolll dw I spend all my time on twitter
PTDRRRRR QUE
He was bouta get on your assss!! deaadddd
Last glass of wine n tapas in Madrid
just too many of
I Still got feelings for this Nigga & im not scared to admit it
diretsong may meet up this week aNO NANG ISUSUOT KOO?!?!
Why does drunk me think a billionaire please
You're words
My mouth
First of all, i fell asleep last night during the game AGAIN! 2nd of all, i wake up to see there was a fight &
my love for you keeps growing each day
Thank you & for updating my sorry *ss
getting too much
All I want right now is a roast dinner
My body is sore as fuck
Awwww you're gonna make me tear up!
bout to face one yo
So fucking tired
How do you guys manage to live your best lives in December? December's house arrest szn
I went to bed early and missed this
These con exclusives are killing us! Once you think done spending money they start to announce upcoming ones
Or being high & eating so good
No so fu*ked up
I was stuck in this traffic
Mmmmm
Off finally
i miss my baby
you glowing so effortless my Gawd
my heart
Hardly matters ! Kuch hai hi nahi
If you have the carnival pallets then u know the struggle of getting the pinks off your eyes
I swear this morning shift is outrageous
So, How DO You Avoid Copyright Problems When You Post to To find out how, WATCH & SUBSCRIBE
get this
uhh so cold here wrong timing pag-sswimming
Same I've had mine since Wednesday and still feel like crap
Hope you feel better soon
Why does he live all the way in Kersey
Charlotte u look amazing !! How do u make just a jumper look so good wish I looked like u x
all trade deals combined not talking just about America why is it so hard to talk to apes
So local couples r rlly out here fightin over pubg
At this point I realize nothing last more than making memories So travel and pay hotel fees instead of
I had to look at this twice
ugh damn supermodel husbands with their long ass bodies
I mean, wtf
Sunday Lunch
spending today in warren
Make a mv for Yosemite next please
Same
So having a catch up on insta and gone and got myself blocked What a bloody pain in the arse!
Can I not get older please
Break down with me
DAAAAMN. Kinda bummed out that purple ink doesn't come out too bright on brown people.
There's too much today
PCD sucks so bad ugh
Coming back to Ottawa makes me so depressed
yall wanna send a girl a mattress?
That's the problem, there's always something to do
Holiday blues
I seriously pray that today a crazy ass day at work, but I highly doubt that it going to be
Stuck at Lipa
I missed you , do anymore city breaks without ya
Movie Night with my baby CoCo we fell asleep in our favorite room in the house and woke up freezing ugh I hope
Game 2 & Its Already Happening
now that i think of it i been went to see him mad i lost my ID
fakkk period boobies r such a beaut but ang painful din sizzzz
I really have too ish,I have to many friends hey.....I tend to mix up your bday with
I would be up on the days I work at 6 AM
Universe I see what you are doing for other kids, skang'lebala
Jgh
We be able to handle that
Ahhhhh she is so cute
up waiting on this pain pill to kick in lotta hung over
My forehead is like a fkn BnB for spots these days and am sick of it
red days
OMG HOW I WISH MY RUFUS IS STILL LIKE THIS. YUNG TIPONG YOU CAN CARRY HIM ANYWHERE
i love you more
tired asf man
Alright step 1: was to wake up now I have to get dressed
Leap 5 sucks
Mines was 8%!
I'm tired
That person definitely needs to be in jail but the way the dog flew into that arms
This feeling
supposed to be on a flight to Amsterdam
I constantly whine about how Suits is so draggy yet I keep watching it lol
12. weakness : cats
just a child
then plus cold
How am I gonna survive the rest of this day when my phone dies?
Waiting for my lover to get up
But just watching for me...
Been carrying an injury for the past few games
Je suis un peu
i mean i already bought him chocolates last dec and a cake on feb but now i really wanted to buy him something and not even my bf
really impressed that I just took my own sew in out by myself for thee very first time . This is unbelievable . I was really pressed
Idk if im ready for spm, but can spm just come here already im suffering with all these studies
Physics miss
i miss playing uno with prepa
A3aref wa7da tjahez 5 outfits on saturday 7ag kel elesboo3 .. allaah yarzigni o yarzgech mazajha
& now just up sleep find me I gotta do hair at 9
he can take my uwus away
I wait to have a family
Ya Allah bakpo aku hafal functions performed by protein jah ni
I keep dreaming about weddings
and the new fare yooooh cabbies are doing the most
Sadly better than anything she herself has released recently
How does one go from that to
Watching Daredevil S3, lovely twist at the end of an episode, and for once in my life, it's paining me to go get food
But I have anxiety already my chest is hurting, BAD!
I wait to go home & take me a nice nap
Finally able to go to sleep top less it is
YOOO LMFAO Go like my last 5 posts then comment DONE to be noticed 60secclub champ TBA tonight on story
My room freezing
I have the hair or makeup talents to everrrr pull off a cosplay
I know!! Why is that?!
But I
Fuck just sit on my dick
Somebody tell that we seriously need her on a project..
Bella
Not surprised it was sooo boring
She play me like tumbo-tumbo
perks of being allergic to almost everything hahaha
Yooo , about to sleep like a queen
Why is it so hard to find proper merch?! I think a shirt or hoodie are too much to ask for
Okay, SMHHHH the fair has gotten way more expensive. Bruhhh you need to just take $250 if two of
I know and that shit is depressing as fuck.
Lucky girl
high levels of baby fever rn
All this scorching sun and you still cold
S/O to the girl in who judge us for our dog pooing in the middle of their store really
Not at all what I need to be seeing on a grey and cold day here mate!!
there is indigenous land, there is wealth underneath it" -Bolsonaro
"Forests all over the world are
sick of this bullshit
Whyyyy my child sleep in her pack & play anymore my arms are sore, I need to pee, hungry, but just... stuck
So many pretty and talented blinks
Done some cleaning up and now I feel knackered
I love niggas that be on another level mentally & spiritually, ones that be hip to really goin on out here. that shit turn me on
Need remedies for looking less drained
Been reminded again
oh please jgnlah one day je. please please please
Pleeeeease.
Awiee cute come talk wimme
Why the f* do I have the skin of a 14 year old? I mean... Not in a positive way!
I went to sleep so early last night I be playing about my sleep
Yaaaaaas Queen I love this and you
1 minute I was talking to my best friend and then the next minute I was sleep
vocal King
joon must be so nervous hoseok keeps on checking on him before his speech.
Am I going to watch Khan Academy videos for the rest of my life?
my baby bump been cute woke up thinking about my baby mommy loves you
Yaaaasssss too excited to see tiny clapping back
Bruhhh, I'm all over the place
kahit only child grabe siya magcare
can't wait to sleep all day
lmao girl same blonde is hard
Been binge watching Queen of the South all night
honestly minghao in red is probably the best thing to ever happen omfg tell me about it
Man I want some Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Done the system update a few days back. Tried rebooting and still not working
everything i do is for you, you gotten so big now.. such a star i love you more than life itself
high tech oral defense tomorrow!! wish me luck
Ever sleep so hard that you wake up sore?
on an astro pitch though.. can only pray he get injured
I Wish
Nah for real though.
So gutted I got to go into work
So yo momma let you run a round here wasting milk I see
Yes! Just got up huhu I feel weak Idk going on.. not even doing anything.
on an astro pitch though.. can only pray he get injured
Hint to universe get
Chilly asf out this door .
I been up a whole 25 hours and finally in bed but my ears are ringing
ADNHOMECOMING WATCHING plus DRAWING FLAGGGG HANUNAAAA BAT KASSSIIII DI KO KAYO MATIIS EH
all I been doin is eatin good ... AND I NEED GO STOP.
I want a baby
Bitch finna take the whole bottle of midol stg
He is doing the work of the
Felt amazing to sleep in my bed again
ON TWITTER THOUGH like do you reply to your own tweets to make it seem like youre cool
tight i be up early on my off days
I mean, fillin in the right places but damnnn
I need to get it out my head that money is made to be spent and save my shit
Last way the was corn dogs 14 coupons
Been awake about an hour and booked a trip to Hamburg at Christmas someone pls take my fucking bank card off me
really feeling a Morrisons big breakfast right now
Colitis is the worst
Can i have this too
wrong with every guy out there, already have a gf
Is there any single guy out there?
in need of a foodtrip bud
Better be konshens please
I wanna go to work
See not crying
I want one
Have hardly played why
This Zobo is so cold nd nice
Got drunk went to sleep now up just shopping I have an addiction
actually true even Caribbean girls too
even remember falling asleep had intentions on watching the game
I knooooow
Wanna move back down south idk why I got homesick & came home it nothing to miss
kwksks im gonna wait for all them ndkdkd that jealous jeonghan tho
help me out i really wanna wear this hoodie to my show
My exact thought the moment my alarm for work starts going off
My friend? still sending messages demanding she wants her K3000 back
Where is she found in Lusaka?
not pressed about parties anymore always with my son . .
Work on a Sunday is not life
i'm going through with it
i am up so early
And also the biglang kaba moment. Kainisssss!!
My ass would fall asleep in the middle of texting .
I like how she a boss and she d ride
they be like oof bitch we gotchu smdh I love elephants URGH their minds
peace pls.
I believe my screen is smashed again, for the second time in a month I think I need to refer back to a Nokia 3210
I'm finally home
Went to the club after the concert then went to eat after that, havent partied that hard in awhile, tired now
my body is programmed to be up this early regardless of when i KO this is trash
Sorry we gotta break up
UTI sucks
No faker no party
This week is going to be super busy
too fucking early
I always get nervous working with new clients
how did he managed to look good eventhough dah takde rambut
never been
This boy woke up and is watching paw patrol what it is up with him tonight
exhausted
he really deserve to be there!!!
and how do i walk to bus stop then commute to class and go back and forth around the campus
Just been emotionally destroyed by Coco
I could really go for some greasy food right now
A midst of it all I still wanna be with you
god I love how he always tells us about these things months after...
ugh monday again tomorrow ! !
Brendan Dassey actually breaks my heart
Beat switches in songs always have me weak
I work like shit this week too
I need the lakers to win games but lose against the knicks
Woke up to see another yearrrr older really even believe 24 today I feel old af But blessed
You even have 20k say karma hoe for not inviting me
I Even Know Whars Going On Sleep
Please make us hate books.
Brogan looking cuter than ever
I really REALLY hope everyone is alright. My heart goes out to those girls.
Facts
People are wrongens hope okay now x
Ok but is he MOONCRAWLING though?!?
The day finally came being able to see these boys live . I cant put it into words how amazing the experience
really dien in the inside I hurt the person intentionally meant the most to me outside of tootie and aleeah
I can't wait to watch all my TV shows after these exams. My 4 month summer break is calling me
broooooooo kfc got me fucked up w/ this 8 am meeting shit
Sis should be concerned at the fact that he wants to talk about me so much. She must feel threatened... these
I was scared to hear this
Say that Kappa party got a lil wild last night huh?
I have some real ass friends/co workers woke up and all my make up was removed!! S/o to them frfr
this is sooooooo me !
Ever be so tired you just start thinking do I really need this job
I went to sleep and 9 woke up at 12 been wide awake since like really mad at this cheap Benadryl
pain in my neck & everytime I move I get dreadful pain shoot down my back.
I been up all night Fenna find sleep & put my phone on dnd
<<<Wish I had a best friend like that
How do we make sure the app is updated? It will be in Italian it .. .. I can do it ..
I have a gram of weed at home & I am annoyed
ugh he is so cute
polymonials, whyyyyy?
Especially if nothing you can do to help
Took everything in me to get up this morning.
Funny enough she no even dey house...
Woke up to see another yearrrr believe 24 today I feel old af but blessed
I want this
I'm really bad with metaphors
Now he leave
that shower did one thing facial and back to sleep so tired
How am I supposed to guess? Whoever you are, I predict that you are a human!
thai milk tea sa chatime dear gawd
my heart
Papa ka mahe le atchaar for the hangover
after exam, sembreak na shet onting tiis nalang
ICE CREAM
I miss bein on the phone on the late night
why is the ward always more toxic during days that i only fill-up the absence of another staff
This baby was doing just fine this last two days i was so proud
Why are you testing me on this Sunday morning
Wow just opening my eyes since 10:30 getting old
believe I fell asleep and missed the Rockets Lakers fight
Work I swear is just taking the piss no way doing a night shift today whilst having had no sleep
so happy today
it retired from going out for the rest of the year
i guess ima be lonely on my birthday ! know how ima celebrate when my baby not out here with me
mad nice out
Wow! congratulations
my body hurts so much
sana ako din meron miss u erpats!
Delayed flight
Dang i missed this last night
I hate that I always wake up in the middle of the night hungry & go back to sleep until I get food
I meant Mean too but I subconsciously wrote saint
This escalated real quick
PLEASE LET IT BE TONIGHT
up so early
Am I ready for seungyoon's solo stage?
The key to my heart is lays BBQ chips
Not future fucked the oxy up tho
woke up out my sleep hungry asf
really old Asab
I was up at 5am ON A SUNDAY.
I hate my life the past two weeks
It's almost like I'm gaining weight every second
someone rub my tummy please.
locals be like: wow pare sobrang deep ugh
Lord, can i plss cheer without getting pagaw?
Think I need a few weekends in, hack a hangover anymore
Happy Sunday .....btw tall
Im doing an 8-3 today and not stopped watching the clock since 8
Hitting the N1 back to Jacaranda City. I'm already exhausted
If anyone knows apple/ IOS development communities, please tag me
Just what i needed to read
Captain Yoo Si Jin & Dr Kang Moe Yon are not those typical love teams who needs hugs and kisses para kiligin ka
YEP
Swapped Lacazette for Aguero last minute and feeling like regret it
my birthday is in a month supposed to be fun but every year I get so stressed out with planning and
Pero bakit si dad wala pa
I swear El Mil fucked my shit up
People clowning on Zayn for using an iPhone 6 are so I know tryna be funny but 1) rich af his money
AHHH MY TAEGI HEART
I feel the exact same way
add me please
all cartoon rubbish okay the Disney classics are all good for now
Exclusive din pala sa DramaFever yung My Mister at Misty. Huhuhu! Please take them away from the Prime Channel.
Today is 51st of September according to calender of the hospital where I work
pooooe baby
My relief need to come on
I hope these next few weeks fly by, ya girl needs a break
Im a mess
Im a mess
Why tf I keep waking up this early
not so ready for tomorrow
Please
lol i wonder what that clear gooey stuff is on the side of the shoe
2 halloween parties coming up and i even know what to be
my sliders at tryna see sum
u r not my least fav gyuwonhan stan, okay i wuv u mi twinnie im not ur fav then? jk i wuv u mi twinnie
needs a restaurant in Rochester
a hug from you would be very much appreciated right now
SMILE AFTER HE SAID FEEL SO MUCH CLOSER TO MY HEART IS ON FIREEEEEEE
Aww bb can't wait
Na on the beat actually goes with anything done
some days are so much harder to go to work than others
Bila nak polah yona of the dawn season 2??
i tot you were yewon
I want Kilimanjaro Jollof. I want to be fed that
Sundays are supposed to be for lazying around not doing chores
Why you buy a couple of slices of bread? Why do you have to buy a whole loaf?!
I did the same thing last year too I do not learn from my mistakes.
I missed all the drama this week when I fall asleep during these west coast games.
Having a puppy is all fun and games until up at 7 am on a Sunday with nothing to do while you normally would be sleeping in til 12
Why I ever sleep when not in my own bed
Got no sleep & guess gonna be up still having to take care of my daughter? I hope she naps for a long time tomorrow lol
Still not over last night
i'll be 24 on oct 24 i'm so old
went to the Philippines
just why am I up
You're too good to me, I don't deserve it
dress and the way looking at each other.
That is so cute my heart be so warm
rx8 and s2000 make me NUT
I'm a major japanese care hoe if you can tell uwu
man yesterday was so much fun
Im going out both days
I never sleep bout to start my Sunday cleaning and wake the whole house up
I'm here waiting for month end
Grabe gusto ko naman maramdaman yung sembreak ko our lady of fatima university valenzuela campus
Same. He just sends money and it
KINGINA AAAAH ANG HIRAP LAGYAN NG SUB TITLE NA TAGALOG YUNG SAGOT NI BEBE MAGSINO
Hungry taste has certainly deteriorated
Up early
Last nights drink is hangover
vou p hj
I wanna do brunch with my homegirl today but I have a homegirl
Why am I just now getting hooked on ?! Sheessshhh!
Abg just give me a Like and be or follow my ig
Big NO for wearing sandals
Are we worthy
And freezing
I need to. not a joke
This lil 7 day detox got me going....literally
1966magazine: MOOD of THE day: When somebody compliments me on my outfit
sick of cabbage , i need some greens in my life today & greens are sooo damn good & spicy
Realll and summer 2015, thats when everyone was cool man , idk what happen
today go by any slower
To myself also
I wasn't recording but when I get it I'll definitely share.
In Britain, they are demanding another vote on Brexit. We get to vote on Nov
18 hr road trip
jgh, 4 hours na byahe tapos commute amp katanglay
I am so gosh damn wet. Wow.
the concert was a mess but my boy is pretty and masternims are kewl as always. so its forgivable
complain bout Mourinho too much
You only notice me here huh? But you rarely come to my room, how can you do that?
But are we surprised Rondo went for the punch? Lmao that nigga been feisty
Also Ingram saw an opportunity and
Success!!
I will
I want to stay in bed
fck this shiiiiiiiet
wheezing
if i only have such talent
Why am I up so early
Trying to get a urine sample from a 15 month old is near impossible.
If I see another advert on YT of a girl kicking her screen and changing her clothes gonna scream
first sem is about to end and so is me. lol
She really up working, I love it
The Tapatio Doritos are the best ones y'all ever made since the guacamole Doritos. I hope it's here to stay
Mfs watch my every move lol let me breathe
Ever sneezed and bit your tongue
a lot of nctzens and knetz are guessing it's haechan but i dont know i do hope its him
I would get heart attack but then slide into your dms
Ok, nope. I'll call the police
I use to care what ppl would say and think about me a lot before
You sound so at peace
He looks like got a tight on his head going to do a robbery
tired of working like what the fuck man
why are we up
you know my vmon account needs this
La cola virtual del
Fuck bruh idk if I wanna sleep some clothes I want drop at some random time and I wanna miss them
Especially during sex
Still not over the sexist idiot that was in front of and I yesterday at Hull
i gotta make our costumes this week this month flew past
i love him so much say everybody subscribe to jaesiiiix
me when no longer plays
Definitely my mom
watch when this be meeeee , but she so fire
He is looking so cute in that outfit
It does coincide with losing that ageing gobby lad in the middle of the park too to be fair
The fact that I found Ahmad in *This thread acting like *This blesses me so much.
Think i should wake up from this dream
Just need Kangaskhan and Taurus to complete my Kanto Dex now but going to be impossible to do
It was my 2nd favorite house. I found a home I really reallly loved somewhere else too.
The moment I stepped into my room, I felt the exhaustion
Man is bored
Imagine doing the best you can and it's still not enough...
finally got some headphones
Up this early for nothing
I need your call
Please get someone dat is coming to Abuja mana Don Allah
Going to be MIA till end of Nov
78eme a la 83eme minute
But I
Starting to feel sick again
I should of never text this woman good morning now she wanna talk on the phone
Srsly why is he like this?
i want to watch another movie but i haven't memorized a word for declamation
im so sad why do i have to be in at 8 can it be 3 already so i can be back in my bed
Tom dying, just order me anything please thanks!
Gettin Ready For Work Really Wana Go
I miss my boy he made sure I had a good time regardless of anything
My bed is way too comfy for me to get up and go do errands
my neck is sore asf i need a full body massage im already uncomfortable asf now this shit
Will I be strong enough to resist listening to the spoilers... One day seems sooooo long
I love joash so much!
u know what .. I deny that lol also from experience always the most confident even
so cold outside
I deal
Buzzing to see the wee man back! But for the 48683245th time hope he stays fit mon the Rangers!!
I need an iced coffee
Craving Rye with mozzarella, balsamic and rocket
How may I be of service
That is so adorable
fishball + oneday old grabi sarap
Ah ouai? Bizarre
Who else is always starving at 7 am? Me neither.
Finding the perfect dressing gown is sooooo hard tho gonna treat myself to a real plush one soon
Done *^* Right...This drought is too much The world needs to know more about them Or better yet,
Gotta wash my hair today
My kind of man .
"We don't have coke and pepsi is 100plus okay" mcdonalds wildin
Nahhhhhhhh someone once made me hot milk tea and I nearly boked. How?? What? Why??
i know but
Huhu sayang tom someone teach me how to go to QC
I want a nicely cold watermelon
Bigla ko namiss Grade 9 - thermosat
This though!!!!
But then they are under the YG demon pit so
Yesssss Really made me feel some type of way when i walked outside mannnn
Lord help this season and my
with you on this man
not ready for tomorrow
& you weird for responding
I need a Nandos
Tomorrow
getting so big
man you better fucking pass
actually tripping at this point I meant New Zealand not even Australia
i mean, how can you even resist this child's charm
Have u hug him? Omg I just want to say so lucky
Football back please !!!
My needs to grow his hair back He look so fine with his hair but he looks so grown with his haircut I
It not my fault I just help terrorizing hearts.
back to reality
My coworkers wanna plan a euro trip but I rell wanna go Thailand
This song been on my mind since ekseni
Takes me back to sleepovers I did at &
i miss my girls i wait to see them today
I miss Shania daily your tweets believe been 3 weeks since I saw her in Belfast best
my hangover gonna do me like this
Chuka you need Jesus
So proud of him missed him so much
Last week I was laid up with my boo, this week in my own bed solo.
shet
stop motion done!! thesis, script and storyboard na lang woOoOo i feel the sembreak na
i lowkey miss bdd and his godlike plays
having a day off after 12 days straight duty is so relaxing s/o to my immune system for being there for me through those days
This is so beautiful
4:45 in bed crying I just want to sleep
The worst thing I made my mom get used to is being able to drive straight to work on Monday morning from Sebokeng.
38 degrees AND HASNT event this is too muuuuch my bones hurt
me the guy I met at the drake concert and took a photo with me and never see him again
miss ko na bluetooth headphone ko
Im so thirsty
Leo hold me on my room
Being under your woman when cold and wanna move is so soothing like yes baby hold me, DONT LET ME GO.
To see breast on his feature image and woman with D on his TL
Flop ayina Kk Kani straight flims Cheyi
This weather sucks
If you read Of Blood and yet an absolute yes!!
Right fruit tastes sooo bad in plastic too, I understand it at all
happening with my right eye
daniel looks so fluffy & soft today!! i want to kiss, pat & cuddle him
Back Online Shopping
Finally went thru my messages n deleted all unnecessary threads
If only
Okay team Alec now
Correction: Margot Robbie as Sharon freaking Tate
Uhh... a split between Zack Gibson and James Drake
Imagine cute thou. Now imagine looking like that
In serious need of a team still
Ready to grind!
KD: 2.02
motivated to get better and improve
23 yrs old
Can't remember the last time I had a savanna
oke fix gue fokus lo doang bin. iya cuma lo
Just watched the VOD and talking about Et gave me hardcore elementary school French flashbacks
When I start something, I usually wanna see it through
bobby & i were having the same dreams being a pilot that was my biggest dream since i was young but later on in
Leaving at my regular time today.. so i can str8 home and sleep
I really wanna be in my bed right now
Why does drinking make you feel so bad the next day
one of the best turnabouts
Ahh the torture
so bummed! bought tickets to your stand up show in Tampa twice now and both shows cancelled.
at 9pm apparently and got work. Gigih la tak kan dari Taiping nk pg Ipoh
I have lost ALL my lyrics and notes
Christmas is actually so difficult for big families
Met Bilal Saeed last night, he was so sweet
Have 7 tests this week in school..love that tbh
had to get me some chicken noodle soup
It even this cold last night
Oh no
Definitely want to get up My room was so cold & the bed was feeling so good.
So ready to get in my bed
so unfair
i have the energy to watch the vball game
Wish that was me
The replies there
so proud boo omg, give me ur motivation tho
I was sleeping good asf with my man
Does anyone have any tips for finding more iron metal quickly on Odyssey? I'm burning through it with all the weapon upgrading
since last week history and commerce are so boring
I feel like I need to pray to clean all of my sins here
so funny on &@SundayBrunchC4 Just makes me sad I get tickets for Salford when I tried a few months ago
This is so me
Let me go to work
This comforter really sucks in the ac...how is it so hot
oops! Think the doorstops got into the wrong bag
Ohhh I wait to see this
Yeah but now got to do the chores in the house
I just wait to be in my own bed
Exhausted
the smell of butter and garlic's really good ugh
Mood
I wanna know what possessed me to take on this 11 hour shift bc i am tired omg
pls send me sum stuff cus im exhausted
I hated it so badddddd I rather smoke
Mood:
I love him so much look at how cute & handsome he is not only beautiful outside but so sure that far
3 more days and then be off
badly want a boy bestfriend
How come I ain't know you had a Snapchat. I'm so behind
Get ready for the fenty bowl ladies
ahahaha been driving around with barely any oil in my car
being a bad boy
I feel like ima fall asleep in the shower
Unfortunately, I have no boyfriend.
Being royal must be so exhausting
Yes habibte you suspect our purity?
bin
Not in the mood
damn near 5 i need to be sleep
I remember dancing with Chris during my Makati days almost 4yrs ago. Gwapo naman talaga
Chris stupid ass ask for that. Like learn Rondo is NOT the one and Ingraham the 2
Literally was in the middle of my show & my subscription ended
Oh this is messy
Alba dice get us over y es get us out of o yo escucho
i saw that
Damn ittt
AT THIS POINT I NEED A CUP OF COFFEE
I just wanna be friends with
Jgh
woke up in my feelings i'm going back to sleep
I believe my 8 year old sister has an iPhone
I need a plug so I can smoke a blizz and go back to sleep
Sleepless eyes!
drove by the loft earlier & im never on that side of town. brought back memories lol
2moro I'm starting back to my early morning routine
Sitting in my car with the heat pumping. 35 degrees this morning and I forgot my coat.
SHUT UP
Literally working for 7 days this week. Super duper exhausted
4:50 I just want a quick nap before I go anywhere.
>~< had a dream with Johnny and he asked me to be his girlfriend and we were holding hands and kissing each cheeks and
Bless you I hope everything is ok! I'll be cheering on your team for you! Lots of love
Having a day where I hate my whole wardrobe
Library prefect
omg some hos this feels praying for you
understand how ready I am for my trip with my girls
off Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday this week and I got overtime last week so this need check gone be fat
nagccrave kaming lahat ng shawarma with tonssssss of garlic sauce and fries
I love ur smile how cute it is , keep smiling Ty
Top 5 strikers in EPL now?????? I want to check something
I haven't been to your live soulsessions this year, it is so wrong
Nababaliw na jowa ko
Real men put they clothes in first then apply the lotion to the visible parts
what should i do to make that smile on ur face appear again, cuz trust me id do anything
it still like 7 hours til we can get Chinese man
Why do i want nachos so badly when I legit even like them. Someone bring me those crisps with hot cheese and salsa
finally off today
Wanted: someone cute and cuddly to go see Halloween with me
Could seriously demolish a roast right now
having strip club withdrawals I just wanna bitch to dance on meeeeeeee been months and you
not
My lips are still a little swollen and they hurt
Landed in NY and I would just like to snap my fingers and be at my apartment in the city
I just be having so much stuff on my mind .
i just want to nap in peace
Last one ... Tomorrow is Monday
It was so exciting I could have bought him everything
Waiting for a maternity grant for this long fair.. I just wanna feel prepared already. I just feel
Lost a fucking tenner man, hope some lucky fucker needs it more than me
If only if only
This picture is cute if it is with my actual bae instead of with a monkey kpz haihhh
uwu as soon as he appears
Tomorrow I finish with exams for a little bit, finally
I had every intention is staying inside my house today but now I feel like playing out
First time for my leash to snap after a major wipe out BrUh the moment I knew it was gone, all I thought of was
What is 6'3? You standing on top your bf??
about 5 AM I woke up lana scare as shit cause this rain storm came from no where !
I wanna adult anymore
tired
jimin knows how to wreck my bias list
Why tf do periods have to hurt so much?! Like just stab me - hurt less
Good night
be up in an hour
I wish kell knew how to braid
Should have made ash stay the night
My body feels crazy right now ...
Grabe tao din pala sya
I'm nervous for them
this will be me
regretting not going to bed sooner than I did
bts'll finally come back to my timezone. i'm sick and tired of missing every damn vlive
i wont allow 2018 to pass without me having that necklace istg
Me dogging love from women that love me
not that deep
when will they kiss forreal
I have to stop working sundays, Really wish I went to church this morning
believe I miss Hou & LaL game
Fighting my cravings for donuts for the past 2 days
Amazingly, the one on BT with Alexis is still worse
need a break
am sooooo attacked right now. I mean, I just had to googl GOT just to be sure if I was really a
grabe ate
me now I'm getting old
Bring me a coffee now
that fucking nokia lmaoo
exhausted & feeling sorry for myself today
This baby is PRECIOUS I want one
I got in last night at 5am and 8am. Why must my son be up early on all days
Gotta start listening to my gut feeling.
At work
My guy. I barely took a nap last night and missed the fight
I want to straighten my hair so bad
I woke up thinking I had work and that iyde was late for her bus. And Sunday
Omw it's gone to the dogs. There goes the neighborhood
Homer the Heretic is on TV and it makes me eternally sad that this was the calibre of episode we used to get in comparison to now
Little baby Nash, gonna eat him
EVERYONE LOOK AT THE LOML BEING THE SOFTEST BEAN THERE IS
and to who I sent this to first
I have baby fever every other week
Our president people you did this to us
My Ma makes the best Oha soup and she ain't even from the east.
Just when you telling yourself that you should have left your phone in the car and boom its gone
But I do
Pourquoi tant de haine
this is fire !!! miss you so much
I was a pillow for my daughter and nephew last night
Miss my daughter
Wish I was at Wembley today for the titans game
Selftea
Soho 320k
Thanks time-hop for reminding me that three years ago I was the happiest ever been in my life. I miss that shit. And her
I cannot wait to loose out my hair
Dying for a fry up
need beats
Why am I wearing a shirt with a picture of a foot on it
Oh that thang wet wet
has an attitude every time
so I must guess 4 numbers? dying here and you have time for guessing games You rate me
Actual pussio ruining my night
I wait to move out so I have to share a bathroom with certain people in my family
Body pain
Omg hand tattoos on guys are so hot!!! I also like nose piercings oooh and dermal piercings look so pretty on them too
It's been 11 years
Oooouu Savannah Is Getting Dropped Off As Soon As Ju Wake Up Tired .. Fa Sure Not Ready For Another Of My Own
aaaAaAAHHH AMPOGI TALAGA
Do it ! love it
Will never understand how someone can think like that. For me this is second hand embarrassment
I made peace with my K500 it was that time she had that your own promo. My friend
No electricity at home
still be in the car with them
why is this so funny?
not right to Tesa us like this
My growing so fast had to trim the tips with color
having a hard time to breathe because of sinusitis
i need you every time...
No matter what time Aubrey goes to bed (whether it be earlier or later) she still gets up before 7. But why though?
Yeah..he snapped on that album
I eat out, just to eat in.
7-4 then a 4-closed
my night shines brighter bec of dec ave aaaaahhh dbest
It's so cold out that door
I love the nose pierce
This Sunday consists of studying for these Monday morning midterms.
I hope my boss lets me put the cowboys game on today
Not Having Sex For A While Fucked My Insides Up
wutalife
i actually cant bear living amongst a construction site its sunday !! Go home
aND NOW HE WON'T LEAVE
So tired
Man a guy up here at work that literally looks at me like a snack and i do not like it lmao
So I went to sleep before 10p
WTF KIM MINGOOK? I used to watch Appa Eodiga and he was still a baby back then. Time flies. I feel old
Thanks its gonna be a long day
..my life is washed and my phone is dry.
we definitely can.
Sigh baby steps
Whose dinner is that? dry af
Just ran over a squirrel fuck sake, what a shit Sunday
I want breakfast but not walking to the store
Why does everyone have a problem with my driving fine
you performed in NYC last night!!! Omg!!! I know seen you perform in person since your tour!
I completely understand and I second this entire message.
look at how messy my bed is
ok but in contacts???? bring them back
I LOVE YOU
OMG maybe not then
So I drive chasing malibu nights Oh paul
accounting
Episode 12 is giving me heart attacks and i still have half of it and the finale left omg
when i get off imma clean up and take the best nap
so sweet thank you
Man, I know what I ate last night but in my dream myself and were swimming in water
just ready to decorate
Awwwww shettt!! hehe, imissyouuuuu loveeeee huhu ILOVEYOUUUUSOOOMUUUUCH, LOVEEEE
Sleep will not come at home oo, but just enter church an they will be calling you in the dream
Almost time to clock in
On The Loose
The state of my skin rn is not okay, spots and eczema fully doing me over
Calon suami soleh
Not so happy
She pick up calls or reply someone sent me her location, we will roll up on good sis
Just wna lay on the sofa and watch films with loads of snacks
how it was about two last night
Cepat la online
Gotta put air in the tire
I forgot what homecoming can do to your body if you let it
2 hours of sleep, con el mismo jumoo vine a trabajar
Chris Paul put his finger in fool face like a hoe and got his shit rocked
hOY my social gonna die
im craving dude, wanna hear ur voice
really going into work rn so I can enjoy homecoming
Work on a Sunday after football is a fucking killer
Will someone just give Usain Bolt a contract so I have to read about him linked to every tin pot team in the world
O.K WE NEED THIS VAMPIRISH CONCEPT WHEN THEY DOING THEY HALLOWEEN THINGY OMG WE N.E.E.D THIS
So when will I be peng?
Whew, tempt me
When you the one in charge no days off.
I'm dying here ngathi we both need an ambulance now. Ewu!
we would be at the beach rn bihhh
bc i'm kinda bored
nakakaanxiety ung electrical circuits
I'd rather pick someone up when they're done, not me watching you do it
badly need a week rest sb
Ughhh this is so cool
i hate my baby being sick he has been under me all night
oH WOW GRABE IS THIS IT BETTER STITCH YOUR WIGS SHE AINT HERE TO PLAY OOFSIES
My senses be at the startling line ready to absorb the new scent of his cologne everyday
Hearing those words, huhuhu parang gusto ko na mag fast forward sa future grabe
Gutted I be there playing today Good luck girls!!
I want to sleep but i need to ambik my mom at airport later 1130pm!
badly need a week to rest
happy birthday mama!!! And I was looking for your balloons
Not even gonna front like not low key depressed I have to wait a week for my ring to come back tiny ass finger problems
Thank YOU PARTNER!! daw oh wahahahahah
God blessed you w/ more patience than me hunty.
what a good day is this!!! sana always.
This is what I need right now. Sundowners at Shimmy
i can never be stopped am sorry
Still check in from time to time . He still fine
Only 90s kids remember how I used to be and why I tweeted all of that.
And by 90s kids I mean, maybe just bae know everything
a lame ass text(er) lol . Come see me in person , interact with me , go eat , watch a movie , if all else fails call meeee.
Zulu Twitter. Can somebody come through for me with any Zulu wedding pictures/ Videos . Di Passengers Nthuseng
i forgot i made cold coffee omfg yEeEeSsS
I cannot hang like I used to I pregamed way to hard and I danced wayyyyyy to hard at the first place
omg maldives n santorini is sucha dream place to go to
Mentally exhausted
Here we have a council employee claiming value for money for the work he does
Bro my arm is still on fire but I love it
Please I like the underscore underscore in my handle. I want to change my handle give me suggestions
I need my nails done , my eyes brows done , my toes done
for once treat me right
=
Je souffre hein
Some days you just need a good steak slice from to get you through.
Today is one of those days
finding study/tutor buddy hmu i need help
UGH. M E S S Hanteo or whoever tf better not cramp comeback or they gon catch these hands PLEASE
Brought me and my boys tickets to the spooky farm today but so cold we gone have to reschedule this plan.
Ugh im so in love
Its not funnyyyy I was really fighting demons I felt like Constantine
some man on the street just blew me a kiss and literally everyone on bus goes ewww - social solidarity of the 699
what supposed to do when these racks blue? oooowoooo
i am an army and i feel so offended
omFG SAME just pure concentrated ass rn sO mad
I know if I want to keep my weave in or wear my natural hair for this week
I just wanna go far away from everybody & everything
It will take a month before I can move in
watching on this mad Super Hero channel on sky as no early KOs x
Just wanna lie and say I have a big ass hang over but my alcoholic ass never gets one
I stay away from scorpios
Slim thick where you at?
The defender needs to retire
When he say
OMG ! congratulation you even have a stomach yet
mad as shit i gotta work this morning
still post it to intimidate us last last
prob in deep shit tomorrow at work bc I forgot to do laundry
Sus you recorded This yesterday!!!! I need it
And twitter says the useless feature is twitter moments, the mute and block button so underrated
back to work at three
buying a plane ticket rn as we speak
Haha have a good time at the party your goin too! I think all doing this year is carving a bloody pumpkin.
God dayyyyyyyyyum!
Now i know why mingyu is so whipped and in with him
Ohgosh, pls stop
with you sarap sa ears!!!!
Was impressed with our flights but we disembarked at 12.20 and still got our bags going on!?
Just stop please
Elaine and Ban
Could demolish a good Chinkie right about now
This used to terrify me oh my life
I been to sleep in about 2 days
out of coffee
Busy gila this whole week
Walay sembreak feels.
RFOT pa more
So glad to have seen this irl. It was truly a wonder.
Everything was so precise.
Shah jahaan really loved
She care About you or that cute picture lol. The disrespect
Mid term?
Where's hanee?
oh g.. what is this again, Andy will have a gf?
I hate him
RIGHT?!?! esp the 2nd one!
My sister is a hoe imagine making me choose between the Burn The Stage movie tix or bt21 jacket ughhh
So today is gonna be a rainy day maybe Lightning show outside
I hate being alone with my thoughts. like giving myself a lecture.
my prince my babi my everytinggggg
im anticipating for moonchild. i feel like its gonna be sooooooooOo good
Need helppp.. Where are my accounting friendssss at??!!
& how to hold her own bottle
HAYS!
Should I feel offended that Joseph Kahn block me?
Jgh fr taytay with pagoooooooood
My stomach hurt
Even if I wan track you later, you go deceive me with food. It's no use dear
My Sunday isn't as chilled
I want my mom to come get me now I wanna be in my bed rn
My stomach hurt like a mf
I really miss us char hahahahahuhuhuhu Soon chubs soon!!
Blue looks so good on you , you make Blue look Beautiful
Murder ! Thats my obesession
Cant control my anxiety
Woah imagine having your Nikkah done in the ijtima by Hadhrat like woaaah damn now gotta wait 20 years
want to get up for class
sorry sis but I gotta feel clean
Bathong sex sex everywhere on my feed
Hmmm don't like this kinda things
Idk why but wide awake
Why did I say yes to this shift
gonna start watching haikyuu soon
I love my impact
The thirst is real
SAME i eat them like apples
Why tf is it so cold in SC
Girls that cultural dance make me weak af
I be in Blava more thn I b home. I got to move back to Blava
i had to text bae this morning so he can make me feel better
Last day of freedom before my clinical placement send asks!
It's terrifying
Oy ang cuteee
so beautiful making me leak
almost scorpio season
You wan serve me food with one meat? SMH
He say mommy wake up sleepy woman
Merch just now getting in
wow i really wanna write a hogwarts au with that jimin now
My life is about to change for the better and I can truly feel it on a spiritual level
crazyyyyy
my dawg will probably do it for a louis belt
the baby needs a baby drink and jaehyun being the nicest hyung
I had lost my phone last night I was gone start crying too!
aw shit
except the sun almost turned me into toast,
my day's been good.
And church was nice.
you know,
Where is Manny when I want my feet rubbed
Min
Yo of course i would fall asleep early and miss the fight. It woke me up but i couldnt open my eyes
Now I want me some awesome pizza but
uuhh why not just get an opinion from others and look at it objectively cant be delulu if you
jghf training (vball)
how you wifed up yet?!? Always blessing my TL with something
ug This Town pud ughh pop ballads are the best for Niall tbh
Yeah 100% you can see lost a lot of weight please try and see it because you really are tiny and neeeeed to eat x
The day we decide to do a good deed wants to b od windy, why?
I think talking on the phone would make me sleepy. Of course I don't have anyone to call
I was trying to be cute my mom says use plastics, we need all those plastics gone but
I can finally enjoy break
nose bleed section is fuckin 700
I been up throwing up all night.. i got a lick of sleep
WTF FINALLY A SONG I KNOW AND LOVE AND I WAS AWAY
such a boyfriend material i cant
I pray not getting the flu
ugh they were told last night they were gonna let people in at 6am, guess not
I just wanna skip the struggle ughhhh
Me: *shows a picture of Chickenjoy bucket to Mat* Babe I wantttt.
Mat: Ba-bee~
Me: Whattt
Mat: Diba Ba-bee
Ti capisco
Another man-sized piece of bullshit from the butt-hurt millennial PC brigade
I have 13 girls at my house
When your friends suggest the 9am service over the 11am.
Remember when he only had like 3 chest hairs
WAHHHH!! I LOVE YOU ALL
omg loves it gotta get me summa dat cream sis
Craving fooooorrr sols
Wow that's so cool! I wish this game was on console though...
Bro, I miss you so bad
the singers are perf.
Omg so sad that rat is blatantly splattered up the floor
what a fkn Queen
ok, but, with only 3 podium spots and Javi, Kolyada, Dima, Deniss... all being contenders, how will I survive the Europeans
that was when i was more interested in finding ppl who were listening to nf but worse is i saw the mf three times
trust no one fr my man will never be around my
Ugh
Why do you people like wine? I hate how it tastes
I just wanna find a job man but there be crazy qualifications like height requirements and a motorcycle license wtf
I swear I forgot all about a period until these cramps started to hit my ass I do NOT miss this shit at ALL.
I should probably buy soul calibur but I have literally no space left on my ps4
Son Idek shitty ass boilermakers
Somebody giving up info
so. much. cramp. pain.
Always that way on Sundays
craving for a spider man movie
Felt this
aAaAAaAa so trueeee, my first jboy
Sorry man
What the hell is this?
we're not ready
and i miss all of my high-school friends. i miss all of the crazy things we did before. ughhh ka sad gyud oy
decide whether or not to watch TY con fancams cos I want to potentially spoil it for myself if she really comes
Oh no *cravings intensify*
you're on your period when all you do the whole day is--eat. Lol plus the dysme i cant even handle
whiskey can stop haunting me now the look of iced tea or brown as drinks scare me.
whyyyyyy iyanna so funny she I dont even know her whyyyyyy people kids be so weird makin stories up & all
I love Ozil sooooo much
bored of living and travelling alone now. I want a man. Hellppp
I miss
HAHAHA
Not going to make the 1200 connection at Taunton either. Something that looked simple on paper
Lmao dis tew much
Fuuuck the sun is coming up nooo
Man all this time I thought my alarm been set n it wow
and i can't even pick a bias without feeling bad
OMYGOSH I WANT THIS
Finally can get in my bed.
Just finished watching a daredevil episode and realised I was using my 3G
Stupid ass drink just wearing off .
About to watch Ellen
Finally!
paris x namjoon wesh etrangle moi
Passed out during the Halloween party and still woke up extremely fucked up. I NEED GRITS
Need braids
Promise no thunder for me
so ready to go back home and to sleep
wait to get out of the Navy & move back to Cali. really where I belong
Th lisa akgaes are worst
True argue with that logic
you exactly know you're on your period when all you do the whole day was--eat. Lol plus the dysme i cant even handle
sooooo tiredzz. Had two games in a row
proud. Still all choked up but a 13 hour sleeps helped me a lot
I still wanna see halloween Maybe sometimes this week or next weekend ..
My daughter is really my cuddle buddy. I love being up under her. She sleeps right up under me
I wanna be successful so bad that it stresses me out
Barely got any sleep
my heart
ahhck so accurate ugh the frustration
I just fucking ripped my paper and slammed my hands on my table and started crying
since like I was 5 I always wanted a baby lion lol omgggg i gotta take at least a picture with one lol
Because he can and get away with it..
ganda ng smile mo ate thnxxxxxxx
yeet but now I have to memories them
Not feeling well today and my bf is outchea doing my laundry and cooking...Much appreciated
namiss ko yung peace camp namin, as innnnn peaceful talaga yung na feel ko that time
I love you, guys Wish you could stay longer next time
But why am i just finding out about green lemon like the food is soooo gooooooood lol
my wild birthday Happy 3rd Birthday Domi, I love you more than I can express. Thank you for being
how do people get lucky enough to meet HOW. I'd literally give anything for like a .004 second hug lol
It was a little, but already stopped
I really don't keep track of the days anymore. All I know is when I have to show up for work
how do people get lucky enough to meet HOW. I'd literally give anything for like a .004 second hug lol
Surprise almost makes it sound fun doesn't it? It's so not fun.
(And it must be so much worse for you ofc.)
so tired just trying to wait up for that phone call
right .. sweating like fuck trynna make sure shit was straight before the swat team pulled up
5 in the morning and Jeremiah has me up eating a bowl of cereal & he's having a full on conversation about why
i still don't know who to contact for my defective (a white paint thingy) poster
Idk why up rn, really wanna wake my babys up but selfish
Oh shoot I forgot to sign the receipts
I just needed two more points bruh
COLD cold today
Gordon out Ekeler better eat today
mornin im goin thrift store shopping today ultimate self care
Used to be Okay but still love all
this one also kills me
a winter baby but I hate the winter
What were you saying before?
how can someone hate this girl?
Should have tweeted Hyewon cake instead of her Brother
Dont abuse me
hungry and my child is taking forever to get home
Ahhh i wanna quit school. There's no point
really even hold my pee
MEE TOO! KASO WALA AKONG TICKET
Abi it's true patience is the best
Thank you
Ughhhhhhh I need my hair done ASAP
my ear is about to fall off why am i being asked about my favourite breakfast
deserve ko ng pahinga from school taph taph muna
then you go home and instead of getting some rest you would probs do your homeworks
Great mf sick
Placentas and amniotic sacs and all birth is rough guys
my wild birthday Happy 3rd Birthday Domi, I love you more than I can express. Thank you for being
Elrow did look fucking amazing!!
People who are blessed with a nice hairline are so lucky they can pull off a slicked back ponytail
So tired. So many things to do!!
Badly want pesto
Spent $200 in party city on costumes for the family
My knee fuck up
This man is everything been asking for
I just want to scream it out until I loss my voice
I DM you bro think your profile is private
Study Sunday
Big man is righttt MR. M. F. yes!
HE IS VERY ANNOYING TO ME AND I WANT TO BEAT THE ABSOLUTE FCKN SHIT OUT OF HIM.
\
( (>
_/ \_
I wait to have me a son (I really can lol)
Old huns won the league at Celtic Park on my birthday
Makes me so sad to think be missing my 5th thanksgiving at home next month and on top of it I still have college on thanksgiving
Have To Finish Up These Resumes And Get Them Sent Out
My girl suppose to be doing my hair at 9 and ready to go back to sleep now
I want popcorn
2 hours away from being you and you were me 2 hours ago SISTERHOOD IS BEAUTIFUL
i mean, you got so many replies already so i feel bad saying to learn as well but i do nwjwkan
How tf did I get sick
My ass fell asleep 2nd half
My man got up and left for work and now I sleep. Wish I could just cuddle all morning with him
If not a celebrity or socialite, I am afraid she waste her time
It's too early to be outside
Where to buy? badly want it
They
Im really not looking forward to the cold weather
this still gets me every fucking time FUCK
i miss sister shane and sister james with mom jeffree :(( i demand another vid!!
Would be our loss
Carpool scene, how cute and sweet is that
Oh no I know kill me I need u back in my life doing my lashes ASAP
I know whether to start my Sunday dinner or get back in my bed
Roll on this 2-11
You give, but you cannot take love
employ this man
Me everyday
so annoyed
When i say the club scene different up here different.
I'm so confuse in designing him
Just making sure I keep everybody
Four lessons to plan and absolutely no interest or motivation
Damn man always something
I love taeyeon so much it hurts
Why is it when losing a bet it always seems to be just one goal away
Happy happy birthday my sweet little banana cue!! I love you and I miss you so muuch!!!
i miss the vamps & nhc :(( ive been ia on my intl stan acc
i wanna dye my hair pink. tryna be on my lazy town bullshit
I see Andy so soon and so excited
Everyone was having so much fun lastnight I just wait until able to have a good time with my girls
probably never using these game cards again
My man got up and left for work, and now I sleep. Wish I could just cuddle all morning with him
I slept all week, just asking the universe to please let me rest today! Ya girl is TIRED
invite me to ya house parties
one Red Sox player rooting for, and because from the town next to mine
i don't want October to end
had the smallest bite of cheese on Friday and been man down in bed all weekend with a migraine
No internet. No wifi for tonight
struggling to keep my eyes open today is finna be a long day
I'm craving Nando's so bad
He so nasty
Really pretty!!! How I wish I have that as well.
Omfg glad you enjoyed it but that Ashton that shit had me soooo fucked up
Well this happened when i googled '' Essential Phone ''
More signaling. I believe how bold they are with these
fetus hyunsik, ilhoon and sungjaeee their talents is so puuuuUre i cannot help me G!!!
How to win your heart skittles and yakult
in such a shitty mood this morning
ughhhntaba ko na
Kailangan mag review shet quarter exam eh
me want this
awww,,,missed this pics
so damn cold omg
I just knew he was about to accidentally kick that baby
Saving is so hard when you are a person who is used to spending money
still waiting on falls arrival...lol I miss it more every year enjoy those crisp mornings!
Just saw a tutorial & the girl used jam gel, what a throw back
they had one job
I live for this haircut
the civil servant equivalent of a holiday?
The person I had for face painting cant come for prince party
Send One Up For My Family 3 Years W/O My Granny & My Uncle Just Wrecked
Can I buy now a phone ? iphone X sooonnn
That pill has finally wore off
A dry lemon would go in right now
not going to finish in time, this is just great.
Holy communion
Sadly it help us here in NY
. What has Soph done to me.
Man she miss a beat.
What type of hill billy shit did I just watch why her man help
Cranky & moody as hell
why is it sooooo hard for me to fit in???
I hate when I got sore throat
oml so hungover from last night put me in the bin LOL ice blast and cuddles off Anthony Joshua pls
i rlly want some grits wtf
why is it sooooo hard for me to fit in???
And the wind is blowing hard af making it even colder
so exhausted
Surprise
Love my big cuzzo
These niggas be blowing my shit
Im only being general. Not shading anyone.
Hiccups are so unplanned & irritating. Had to take 6 glass of !
Fell asleep again
...but I really want a coupe too
I want too chat you ...but I can't
Oh god mines for my pelvic as calling it. I think I have endometriosis
I wait to be sat around the pool doing absolutely nothing, 1 month to go
Nur eineinhalb Pilze sind zu wenig ein gutes Mahl.
Only one and a half mushrooms are too little for a
hope so im tired of waiting
oh my is she coming with reggae for her next comeback I was wishing for this since fil era yess Minzy
Happy happy birthday my sweet little banana cue!! I love you and I miss you so much!! Wag muna mag-boboypren
Omg downtown Vancouver
When i can get Sr Baked with ice cream ?
post the selfie
And I even like hospitals last time i was in hospital, was back in 2016 when I collapsed at home and my
this is what my 2020 will look like
Honestly, there is no greater pleasure in life than using last nerve as a jump rope
Keep your head up Andy
My stomach doing flips
Hungry , but i wanna drive or wait
Joking aside - it broke my heart
aside from the secure packaging praying for thicker photocards please
i actually stand girls that think something when clearly not
I Been Up A Whole 24 Im Not Even Sleepy Nomore
Some chocolate de abuelita con conchas would smack rn
Remy
This hit me right in my chest wow beautiful
so damn cold omfg
Why am I just now getting in woooo chilee.
Good luck, bluey!!! Miss you
wide awake.. thanks to my man who stay still in his sleep
kind of wanna go back to sleep but i know wake up at noon
and i know alarms exist but idc
too early to be getting smartttt omgggg
SAME UGH I GET SO MAD WHEN I THINK ABOHT IT that would've been so so good
this cold is getting the best of me
I want some good eats but iont wanna cook rn
I hate that so cold
How did I know that this was a Murder House / Coven crossover and miss that Langdon was that damn demon baby from the first season
That was the intention I'm glad
I get inspiration from that clip where he's yelling because he lost
Get so annoyed about things just wanna finish uni already
Why my IPhone want to text my auntie
Subscribed but still see the contents..
So up, I slept so good last night. Woke up to lots of curse out texts bc I stood ppl up was tired
i had tapped out on you my girl
I need a day off
not picking up any shifts for a good 2 weeks, so exhausted
really know why Mari is up early this morning
CRAVE NA CRAVE NA AKO SA MANGGA TAS IINGITIN KA PA
this cough has got to go... I even sleep
well known around here
I still have an outfit for this concert
wish I can go to church this morning
Goodbye Philly. Until next time
angel
too cold to be smoking outside
thank youuu I love you tooo
I hate waking up at this hour
Even tho on 4100
Lol
The ones that kill us look the most enticing
What a day. All these escapades of my sisters and . Daddy out on a mission again. Bad dreams about the cave.
i got out of bed a couple hours ago, are you proud of me?
Wisdom Knowledge and Understanding
To meet you and Ken in person one day
Lmao I did bro.... I missed the she probably dead knocked out.. I need another chance
I want someone to look at me & say "damn, that's mine." and just be so proud to have me
send me thennnn
I want to get a good 4 hrs of sleep so I can wake up and go shopping
Actually funniest night of my life last night love use
I forgot how much I enjoyed Justin journal album
CAUSE OF DEATH: KIM JIWON
Been in denial but now imma admit that a Bobby stan
I just do it! Creepy scary movies for me
I just wanna go back to sleep
Another weekend spent behind the four walls of my room. This is not the life I want
Please I gotta ask....
At what level did bobrisky stop learning
I been that happy & had fun in a MINUTE ya hear me
time for work
If this me .. thank God for Edward
paetuc
Why are my ears ringing
I feel like that about Douglasville
so tired
oh wow.. my stomach hurts soo bad can't sleep
i pakening miss my g10 classmates pls take me nooow hays
deff getting my grocery shopping out the way today
Going to cut myself for sugary drink tp ada wonda coffee lg so nak perabih harini tp nk minum tertumpahh ok thats a huge hint
send me thennn
I had a weekend to myself in ages
My gawd can he just let me breathe for a sec
crazyyyy. too early for snow It was just summer 5 minutes ago
The days
IMYSB
bad
I need new numbers because the people I have on WhatsApp are not it I asked for ice cream, ice cream qha and no one offered
tell me how I managed to run out of gas & lock my keys in my car,, all in the matter of 5 minutes
idc how cold it is , i would never sleep sock or pants on i just cannot
Lesson 3 is pronouns and tripping me up
GRABE TO! APAKAGANDA
i know for a fact i getting the new apple watch this week, just trynna see if i should get a new phone as well or wait until christmas
But I will go on february, think it still available
Back in work tomorrow after being off for 3 weeks, my sleeping pattern is a mess, I cba get me back on holiday
Yah pdhl ngincer shooky.
Same wit my man like nigga that shit stink
If you're on my WhatsApp or we've unfinished business there, please send a message
My phone got wiped and all my contacts are gone
fuckinnnn Hit Me
did you finish it? idec, i want it if you can.
Feels like winter
Do I really need a uterus? Like what if I just cut it out for a little while?
I had another lesbian dream wth?
They had me here before the sun was up
always making me happy I love you God
Grrrr very true Super bummer nga ng ganyan huuuugs why they just let others be happy
Had to cut certain ties the shit was draining me
Wished I was a nerd
sobs sobs still not sure still prefer sg than others
A mosquito bit all over my face
I slept horribly.
4 accounting books for this sem wow
Can't wait
So I read the AU I wrote and I feel so embarrassed jsjsjsjsjsjs it's so bad I live in Hong Kong and
tried both I just think they all taste grim
Shaka is the only thing missing in bantayan
i could not sleep
I have now reached 40 weeks and it feels like never coming
Definitely
Being paid monthly is the devil
TL looking like a cat sanctuary all the py in that thread
i still believe his lil ass drew all on his wall
What men gyal does have with me right thru so
This is black excellence at its finest
It's the spirit of Brexit for sure.
right this beat is fiiiiire tho! This my shit right now
been back in the UK for like 30 minutes and ready to go back to Amsterdam
Women are killing this world with bullshit
i really feel my body giving up
66 degrees in this house me and my baby so damn cold I just had put us on a damn onesie pajamas
I thought we did good this week
the one day not really sleepy when i get off work , my mans phone dead asf he usually up by now tho
Damn that dream felt real
Like crazy they specifically targeted me out
my Monday
I Got A Hangover Bad
leave my bed but I have to
regaluhan niyo ko notebook for devotion purposes
chismosang frog hahahaha
why u working?
so no one wants me to dye my hair huh
This is why I love him so much
Probably But at least deter her for an hour maybe
I was hoping to tweet something good enough to get a follow I guess I'll have to
please have some mercy on me IM WEAK
I knew I was forgetting something
Not posting in that hack page they be overboard lol i need a ride
at least tae and hobi addressed their ship name, when will taejin
incredibly exhausted
Ah iTunes but I have a YouTube version
Too bright in my room I need curtains!
This is madness
I really miss mujeeb
anybody got extra charger in aw or west
sucks having feelings for someone u have
I have like 5 more chapati to fry but tiredttttt. Should I just throw the dough away
Noooo not more roadworks! The Mancunian Way is already causing chaos.
oh no not another one
The only thing Facebook is useful for right now is to remind me of my friends birthdays.
grandads in love
please tell me we are not walking to a sad ending
9h30 in the morning and my neighbor is already screaming pls it's sunday couldn't you wait to fuck your boyfriend at least after lunch?
Mate I just buckled at that this is the first game this season been in Scotland and not managed to go
Quiero estar
sis is gl0W1ng!!!111!!11 drop that routine
WOWWW BABYGIRL IM SOOO PROUD OF YOU FOR MAKING IT!!! been a LITERAL breathTAKING view
a genius at that. Loved it- even when it made me cry
I deal with all the theories
Even DOHA at this point
all. the. time
Also Gordon out now
just sitting here and it been 20mins already I just wanna go back to sleep
We all deserve guy friend like this
Just 2 more hrs
If I slap your head. Please shut up
be claiming that last one certain OG
yeah but cannot blame them their currency is high huhu im still hoping for malaysia tho
Nah fr
................. the amount of ngenes in this................
I literally dream about this everyday!!
I'm gutted I'm not having a Sunday roast today
So I missed this
Late but the dna pedal 2 la mix is so good
My life is so fucked up
actually just been laughing that much I started crying my eyes out
Hmm maybe but I have to work
Please give me your job, how on earth do you drive a car like that at this age
Fell out 1st 15 min into game. Nothing new . Washed .
i love their burgers
the way lucas reads the cue card is also cute
Dannnnng that Sakuga
Gskdhdj I help it because polls make me stressed
Been work 12 hour shifts lately & im so drained
iphone xs max in love
Omg I just started watching 911 This second episode got me over here holding my breathe! Why this kid go
I subscribed to again
why do ppl hate jennie?? i really dont understand :( i also dk whyy
Going to make sure I go to sleep early
feel like we about to break up
\
|| \_
just wanna kiss and make up one last
yknow what i wanna see? asin and vijay together on the screen again
Last night was rough I'm usually not this tired. O well me and lil momma going back to sleep
Ughhh it's the same shit all over again
I was fucked Up
Where this headache come from
Even when it means getting less than 5 hours of sleep several nights in a row, my body does not know how to sleep passed 7am CST.
Meanwhile, I figure out what to get this man for his birthday
I deleted 100 of mine Pokies before it started
I know my gums could hurt so much
so glad because I really tweet the dumbest stuff
Arghhh, the post tour blues are real in Bath right? x
Hello! Also, Happy birthday! I hope live a wonderful life ahead! sorry late.
Facts
I love the way you defended our boys keep slaying sis
My cousin is teaching me how to be patient by telling me a chika but not telling me what it is.
Woke up craving a vacation
Tin tempu pa bin bati su smoel online sin decide on what he trynna order yet! Tuh!
Hahaha no la even cat4-5 pun i still got no money plus the ticket is on sale by this saturday
Woke up wanting a slice of ny pizza.
If anyone has any Joanna Lumley tickets in Aylesbury for sale please let me know
Aww I remember these college days
Me literally rn
All of these drugs in my body I gotta pay somebody keep checkin my pulse
i have a horrible fucking headache UGH
sugod nag ga buto2 akong heart for tomorrow
COOL GUY ALERT
I have a headache
I thought this dee case is settled but then his verified journalist friend who knows nothing about this issue decided to butt in
good thing you think so too
agh
Only you would find some shit like this to early angel
sorry I have to unfollow, you retweet the grosses shit
Homesick~
Why must you compare everything good to sex?
I have literally like one pair of sweatpants and I find them... fml
Lebron is about to issue a group text of Black Power messages to both teams
Plz tell me it worked
we the crazy jokers we gon pull yo card
Staying in bed all day
but when you wake up late it's like you wasted the wholeeee day which is even worse
I just want my own friend Ik that sounds selfish but I rather l we do everything together...vs us and other people
shout out to my ex sem megafone
Ma weekends get worse and worse each time a go onit fear
I pray for yoonmin to come home . I miss my dads
Same fucking feels.
I woke up so early
Weather mal outside court
This headache is blowing me
Not following keenly either but according to them he was dead already so they just suffocated him
i swear i will block u if u'll send me clown or doll pics/gifs/vids or whatevaaaa
Gotta keep my gun on safety so I don't go shooting where yo nigga be
FPL in shambles, consistency.
Best get to the gym after last nights cheesy chips I decided a necessity
beautiful but this Made me want injera and beef tibs .. too early
Leaves will soon grow from the bareness of trees and all will be alright in time
Turned the heat on this am
Cancerian vibes
Im the laziest person in the universe when it comes to camp. Why meeeeee?
kepale very the pening
I generally make a cup and forget all about it these days!
A YEAR AGO TODAY i miss his yellow hair so much omg
Waffles! Waffles! Waffles! Waffles!
Miyah birthday party today and I be more excited
I been drinking since Tuesday
When you put a wash on and then realise that you put the washing capsule in
I need to find more boxes
Homecoming has been SO GOOD to me
I need that one in my life..
Took a nap yesterday, woke up at 2:30 am this morning!!!!
not looking forward to working 11 hours today
He saved the best for last we are still special we don't deserve Njobvu
really playing too much
I miss him rn tbh
Yes, hi, I'm a weirdo...
trying
Food poisoning
A star is born, best film ever seen hands down they both HAVE to win somthing for that
if ever mabuhat na niya sako even just once, i would be forever touched and greatful with that
In love ..
if ever mabuhat na niya sako even just once, i would be forever touched and greatful with that
YES BABY ILYYY
Omg I hate going to work on rainy days
Everybody in this house sick I afford to catch a cold
So sloppy. What is going on??
How far Jide we need new music
I wanna go to Joe Mettle so bad. I really need friends
My kids woke up at 6:30 why lawd i just be tryna sleep at least until 8 I guess not
the weather feels amazing right now
always snapping tho
I wish ingani lang
Why are my dogs wide awake right now!? You're suppose to let momma sleep in.
Where can someone get ewa agoyin in Abuja
Help a sister
tbh idek who's my bias now
cold af
period cravingssss are real my exploding
At the gym and just realised I have my Fitbit
one thing after another
Ah the existential crisis period
Persist and let me know when you get to the daammnnnn good point!
It makes sense but at the same time it
lie the weakest
Woman who sing love harder
I need lip chap
I have been driven from my own home to roam the streets by teenage boys playing Yu-Gi-Oh in my living room
ctfu they really are proud after doing the bare minimum I guess like idol like fan
I really lost my nose ring
Unli Wings
i'm so addicted to donghan's new album
Crush from Crush - Single by Dondria & Broadway
bought the dress
Smh maaaan wtf
I just want this week to end. Gusto ko na bumarek sa lipa
My individual will be talking my ear off all shift. And this my last shift of the week time can you please speed it up.
two seasons later and still pissed Barchie a thing they have so much potential !!!! I want to see
Joanne Power we were talking about this picture the other day look at how small they are
Omg he makes my heart melt
I know lol
Im very solid but I do have a heart I feel bad for some people ....But people take My kindness for weakness
I know right wished they was opened 24/7
Exactly!! and not that long to go , only about 4 hrs just got on at Euston and totally mobbed gonna be a long day x
weh cute lah tham!!! Haduh!!!! Cakap happy birthday to yr girlf btw, we both share the same
Honestly I have no clue
i didnt even see him spit on him tho
HAHAHAHHA ICON
My ovaries
I even fathom why God loves me so much
Abit sad cause i wont be following too closely for this comeback because of exams and upcoming assignment due dates
So ready for 6 I hope time go by fast coming straight home and going to sleep .
up? good thankyou!!
Send it back
Our** baby
Someone actually remind me to never lend money out again cos actually sick of chasing me own money off multiple people when am skint
sorry but no paragraph written on iPhone notes gonna fix what she said
I have a HUGE home economics test on Monday and I left my book and copy in my locker
Wow I'm sick as fuck throat sore head pounding throwing up wtf
I suppose to be eating like eggs & waffle tho lol been so lazy this week
Idk what I would do if it ever happened to me
Iya woy
I wanna feels his way about someone but they gone appreciate it
Made a promise I use you, play my cards right I lose you
and besides that, I still have a lot of hw
YO RT Lebron is about to issue a group text of Black Power messages to both teams
Even though ONLINE
I hate online classes
Thank you! I hope so too, but here I am at work
rly at her family game night, i love the sibs
i keep having this same nightmare & shit starting to make me feel like real
REALLY??? AHHH I MISS MY BBY he sounds so good omfg
Fr had me blowed
Even if he does pull the trigger, can't say I trust Evans and his golf buddies to pick a competent replacement.
when are you gonna release your merch
Lawd I didn't know it was that damn cold outside!
Thatcher ate you alive but not point picture of you doing rounds
Hhhhhhhhh NOOOO IM NOT READY just delete Twitter
Make great again. I tell you the last time a had a decent packet.
Never wanted peace in my life as much as I do now
I get on Facebook and just wow. ppl need help man. this is crazy.
Need to get a lunch bar after my run
I get really excited everytime I get an email thinking the tracking number for my phone
I just want to sleep, wtf
If this tisha
Imagine they are like cats
Hormones
Loool honestly! Now I rest again bc of wig making and straightening
When I get home after the game later I gotta wash my hair
fried ice cream please!!
Woke up craving gorditas
Woke Up With Wedding Fever Looking At Dresses & Color Schemes... & Not Even 9am
Nobody Understands How Much I Really Love This Boy Not Even Him
Thanks for the tweet out, much appreciated. Impossible to get an answer out of
just go away , we put pain in a little box, lock it away until something strong enough
Hey bby
I hate when somebody think they telling my business first of all a Liar
31 seconds my heart explodes and my eyes fill up.
Cops handing out state refs like Halloween candy g2gggg
Lawdddd plz let us be released at 1200 again
these 5am starts are killing me
I need some 1882s but ion feel like moving
No football for my Steelers today
Wish I was back here today
Left my sunroof cracked my seats are damped where tf this rain come from
wait for our baby to come out
Sorry to say lah
TAK SEDAP LANGSUNG OKAY!
Just noticed all my nails r broken wtf happened
i was too tired
i miss you a lot
wait to move to Tampa next year
Real life starting to hate this long distance stuff, my bae is leaving me
jinxed them
Man it feel good to be in bed..
nash why u like that
Jay Z I need you on Spotify these hits have to be on my playlists
we been knew
remember me when ur famous
I need to get cigarettes
I feel like I got hit by a bus. Homecoming did me dirty
Wow so fine
Okay! & the sex last longer
"do you see each other in the future?"
my man answered, "Yes." & when i look at him puta he's already staring!! huhu Jancee is a blessing
My shoulder hurt so bad I even sleep
My body hurt and tired
I gotta get my hair and nails done
It creeps me out. Just because it's too cute
I miss waking up to him & breakfast
No way!! Wish I lived closer
woke up out my sleep because of this thunder
I know but these girls be getting besides themselves calling niggas broke etc
WHERE TF IS MY APPLE WATCH
All I want is an Indian takeaway but I am well too skint to justify ordering one
A very lazy Sunday... why do I need to go out today? I just want to stay in my bed
Say that to the haters
Thibault pas toi..
thank you baby
i dont understand why ppl dont focus on their stans instead of dedicating their lives to hating on jennie
16 hours get real serious once your eyes start closing on their own
Oh and dick on demand
Scottish football
Tryna figure out what to do today off for 2 days
Damn man prayers to all them at the woodlands they just wanna party
Jgh from Krrel's. Nahilo ata me sa byahe
Thank you
Damn sry I can't help it I srsly forget to replyyyyyy
im going to kill myself
I fall asleep early?
still in mood for vacation
I could relate :(((((( We want to socialize but it's difficult because we always run out of things to say
Thank you, trying so hard I actually feel worse today hahaha but think just gonna try
Would love to of been there
8th and last day in Cebu
I need to get up and do homework too
with a drop milktea pa yes
I miss my godchildren
jgh
Neglected to think about this when I committed to a dry October
Mariana is so mad that I woke her up this early she even talk to me lmao
ugh same. Thank you!
Tryna see if I really want the Xs MAX or if I just want a Apple Watch
Hate doing life admin wish Sundays were just for being lazy
My body is a temple I should really start appreciating it
I miss you too!!! & yes lets!!
I want to buy sports bra
what did we do to deserve such nonsense
never forget those contractions but also never forget how instrumental Xavier was in the success of
Ahhh yesssss!!! That would be so great
Of course he has
Omg, that sounds terrifying but I would have given anything just to experience it once
my stomach feels so weird n empty
bought a brand new audemar but i ran outta time
$5 mill for a 45 minute speech?? WELL SIR swim in that money i had to stop midway through
can i just skip to the part when i'm 22, with a bachelor's degree and living on my goddamn
But then converting the currency the price is actually rm170, is the another seller making loss or what
wait for my son to return from his been such a long weekend
OML I just hope she drove and hope he hit woman cause man
He did init I believe u remember that. I wish I could find my poems from school. be sick Time flies
wish singapore had the purge, slaughter one of my bros first
Not to be THAT person but the popopo is an Italian football thing
still cant get over nakyeong's hair
wish i dared to dye mine like that
I want some pussy to eat instead of breakfast
I wanna go to the game
Marissa is my Spirit animal and I just wanna kick it with her
My heart
Where do the fangirls/boys go to hideaway hideaway hm kat sekolah takdak pun
I'm not crying
of course always remember the OGs
god i cant stop thinking about if ac3 had photo mode
yes bub
Ugh the most annoying thing about being hungover is craving nice food, getting nice food and then not being able to eat it
hyunjin looks really cute,, but that's not surprising
I got a feeling my thighs my to bout to be sore af..
still play it like it just dropped the other day
On my way to my to get in her bed with her & my lil daughter . Them two really my I need some genuine love
Frank Ocean.. my love.. I know good music takes time.. but this new music at in need
you buy it equal so, stop to judge every design of album in every comeback
Me: H-
Str8 guy: Lolz I listen to pop music that sh*t is so mainstream I prefer
So next weekend - go buy winter clothes for Shane and I
I swear we were just in the hospital having our babies five seconds ago, how have they grown so much already
sick he woke me up i had just went to sleep at 3:30
legit I need taeyeon to have a world tour asap
I want pizza and cheese sticks
Boy when you smell them pan sausage cooking
I need food and everyone in my house decided to leave their car in burnley last night
1st FSU game so sad I there
The night went by so fast
The nerve
Not just bc Sunday, convinced I tweet this in some form everyday but ...Thank you God for what
I swearrr tryin not act like the crazy bitch I am
Yesterday was s long day today i just wanna lay up cause really tf cold
Slept through my alarm get up to do OT
OK THATS IT
Swimming would be so lit today but rice at home
But you're not saved their way
I was right to be nervous when everyone was saying Caro was the favourite
me: euw who needs boyfriend?
also me: YIHHH NAK BOYFRIEND LAHHH
a kid just bumped onto me and shouted ugh you precious HAHAHAHA
AAAAHHHH PUCHA MY HEART TANGINA RAMDAM NA RAMDAM KO PAG TURO NI NASH HAYP
ready for my man to drop some new music
ughhh where is Tuesday
2nd day in a row lijah has woken up before 8 and his sister is still asleep. Wth boy go lay back down
Feels so good to be in bed
We were rooting for you Proverb
Rent nunis bday rent Christmas + my bday rent annnnnd New Years fuck around these next few months
how can you just casually ruin my life this way?
rip sa 17 act sheets sa ibang subject
I woke up this morning missing this I need to hit that lotto so I can spend more time in front of blue water
Going back to rewatch E1-5 cause I was nodding in and out yesterday
Her lashes are just
Missyoutoo ateee
YOOO LMFAO Go like my last 5 posts then comment DONE to be noticed 60secclub champ TBA tonight on story
Don't you feel bad about my pure eyes oppa . . ?
I finished it this morning... it finishes fast and you want to stop it but you
so exhausted from work last night
Bro I get sick & just be wanting to lay under some luv, nobody wanna take care of my sick bratty ass
God I wish someone could just cook me breakfast
Ohhhhh
39 days and a wake up, I'll be home
my head hurts so much
I said and she replied by saying o bitsa nna
his kindness is beyond what i could imagine
What a lovely wkend, feeling fresh and relaxed back to reality tomorrow
not going either
Dream place
My resident is acting up already & it's too early
8 mins into this Hamilton game and it's switched over already boring pish no wonder Scottish football gets a bad rap
FUCK. Online as well or what? not leaving the house anytime soon
Yes I applied some of it and it helped me get some sleep yesterday thank god
Thank youu again such a sweetheart
Bahamas I wanna go back
Woke up with a mean ahh headache
Waaait a minute. Why anyone tell me that my Celtics will be here for my birthday?
Submitted My Exam at 4am hope I fuck that one up.
REALLY broke night i have yet to fall asleep.
Last night i just kept staring at him & started getting emotional .. God has brung us so far
melanin by Sauti Sol
Today consists of films and bare munch but i hardly have any decent munch
Patiently waiting for my Wanna One carrier na kasalukuyang bumibyaheng mag-isa from Monumento to Sampaloc.
Liyah helped me so much yesterday I swear she even understand
mah heart
Wishing I was having a big Sunday dinner tonight
Need to solve six different monthly amortization schedule and some of it are ranging from 20 years.
Wish I could be in Church this AM but at work
My man even been at work for an hour and I already want him to come home
I feel like linking up with sugar plumtoday buuuuuuuut she just had to up and
halloween really worth all the hype
Who the f dont know Dua lipa?
cold as shit out here
Working out means that just constantly sore
Omg they look like potatoes I even imagine
The sexual frustration is REAL
That coffee hit
something alot of these young parents dont do these days
Babe, you ran to the moon
I forgot to be the tooth fairy last night.
I miss my sons big sis me and they daddy stay beefing so I haven even seen my boo
I hope the day goes by quick
Actually
Why is she not sitting for a second ..she too needs footage
Nooooo!! I just had mine like a few weeks ago I thought this birth control was supposed to stop them! This is some bull
hays u have to match my enthusiasm
If i get up now and run a couple errands....i can still make it to the brunch today
Do not want to pull this double today but I need too
I really decide if I want to get bangs or not I kind of love them but then I definitely have to do my
Naaaa pure psychological games
make up class sa AnaPhy
My feels!! I can't even deal!!!
I am I am tired
Gets me everytime too
Look at all these mfs praising this white devil I
Omg and laundry too
Awe I love you too! Thankyouuu beshyy
we going whipped
Hopefully This Bath/Shower Wakes Me Up
Thank you God for my friends
physics is so ez wtf but get me started on arabic
Sjksjsj we all need that motivation
then suddenly my tears fell down and i felt the kapoy as a human.
know this Travis Scott and KDot beef bout to be escalated!! here for it!
perfect predator has no right being so fuckin CUTE
I feel like shit and I look it too
until you can't do much about it
the struggles
The parking at Hetton is always a bloody nightmare
Yes , I say this all the time
I wanna be in my bed right now
twitter don turn farmland
Anybody remember when this happened at UMES in 09?
take care always
I have money for this
I would love to see movie with u I love screaming and hitting at the movies!!!!!
I slept so good last night omg i need one more session like that then ill be charged for the winter
What's the point if it doesn't smell like Harry himself
I wanna go back to sleep
I'm pooped
From a on the
Oof I have to wait till March
Sit and warm up your car season creeped up on us quick as hell
ughhhntaba
God still so proud of them. Namjoon was never without his speech practicing til the very end.
This separation right
Okay misi mentions assignment bermula
My baby is knocked out still
Please do omgee
Goodluck
Work in a bit
ugh made my day
I got the worst headache ever
Ray know how to control his kid
Why does my Apple Pay never work at
I want one
but I afford one right now lol
Just wanna thank y'all for motivating me... charing! Bat ang cute n'yo???
I have dry lips & I left my Vaseline in the car
I missed this one and my beebo
Ready to get off, 1
FR 35 weeks tuesday so ready to be done
Her hair
Ready to have my baby
My only day off and awake rn
Andddd I have a blunt waiting for me I'm not crying, you are
Has this happened to you??.. it sure has happened to me
Man so cold this morning.
Hectic weeks and need more positive vibes
Need some of that special Corn Liquor it was bomb bomb
i gave it all i had just to let it go but u should know that i tried.
Maria is obsessed with Stella McCartney.
do it
my top 10 songs of all time. it was nearly impossible to do it
Woke up with my bladder full as fuck and the worst pain in my stomach now it got replaced my hunger lls. I just wanna lay back down.
Hes cute and tall and has nice body
NYC as iconic now that gone
Heeyyy folks, interactttt with meeeee i won't bite swear that
Ohhh i love you boooth and also joe
soon.... gonna appreciate me lyk this
Jeez have whatever having
I want a relationship like this
trade in my sleeping problems for another problem, a bih just wanna sleep thru 1 night
Sounds like repeating the same word twice with just a tiny stress to differentiate
Lmao why are you doing this
it would be so cute
Good Night, Hayst!
Remy is not the drink for me
Rak are at the teen awards, if they got a picture with Maya Jama my life would literally be complete
some dumbass btch tryna hack daras acc again
hyungkyun pcs are my weakness
I love babies and I wait to have one
If you go as hard for me as Edward did for Bella I want you.
sleepy af and my head still might spinning
when will the assignments stop coming pls so tired
This new mouthwash trying tastes so gross
I wasn't even starting. It's getting boring nq tuloy
I deadass thought this migraine was going to kill me. I had one in such a long time.
this shit has really taken a toll on my body
Awumhle also your beard
Ngantuk tapi takleh tido
No, but like fr bc really trying to learn spanish so you guys can stop calling me a fake Mexican
tempted so much to buy switch but i shall wait until their new model from the news i read, be
stranded bali pd ning ulan
Opposable thumbs
I wait to go home & have a lil puppy
Saw a guy skipping to the liquor store last night. wait to be 21.. 345 days Autumn.
Craving pick n mix
Should have bought a wireless powerbank
its been one (1) hour but already missing jihoon pls go to fancafe vlive is impossible hng
Same drove past red rocks last night and almost cried lmao it looked so fuckin lit
These old heads at my neck
his cheeks are so cute
The kitchennn
Always getting up early
Oh I know & when the recovery is 2 days just a write off before even gone out
minho is literally the cutest everytime he talks about his cats
so much
My boredom at uni just turns into online shopping
Oh sis thats a deathwish hahahahahaha
It is not easy to forgive someone like this a person that you trusted like I never take her back in she did me wrong
The hectic week is coming back
How is tomorrow already Monday again
what a relief
Exhausted
Our giant bebi took all of my uwus as usual WOOSEOK WILL ALWAYS BE A QTPIE
I'm missing match now
Day 21: Suicide
ASDFGHJKL HER FACE LOOKS WEIRD
I drew Sayori because... yeah.
Rondo stay ready I see
Party planning is so stressful
Mais wsh trop moche surtt le dernier
I LIKE YOU KASE ANG CUTE MO + MUKHANG MABAIT DIN HEHE INGAT LAGI GODBLESS!
I fucking need this
Madison is in London! Can someone pls book me a plane ticket to go to London
I need offfice supplies for & im meal preppin, no half steppin today
Not for us though Hope you got some shinies!
andito ako pupunta ka
Mama to shin
Omg my heart thank you mom not just for accepting us but for her too
too much
I burnt my tongue SO BAD yesterday on hot chocolate waking up this morning is not fun
He looks so good
This wind is disrespectful and now I want to get out of my car send help
I just need the wedding
I was excited about riding in the STL Arch and my friend called it a death trap
When a celebrity tells you your very pretty a shooketh nobody can tell me shit now
My Kynntrell will be tomorrow
Marina wants to go to Paris next year for our 1 year wedding anniversary. I just wanna travel around Asia.
Most probably VD will get married next, but I want RK to get married next year too
I want to be back here soooooo bad
How did I only last 5 hours at elrow, swear getting old
ilyyyy!! thank u
I want some pussy to eat instead of breakfast
think have fomo about dc but I totally did
Feeling so upset really sucks!!
When people ask you to be their mentor HALAAAAA my heart is so fragile rn i now have 4 passion project menteees
Girl trying lol... I just need my curl pattern back
do i really need to always step down just because older than me?
You people did not give me gifts today and still want to wish me a happy birthday
because the pillow does no justice
officially walk out to your car saying szn
Nadine Lustre, President of the Philippines to GODine Lustre HER IMPACT !
my back hurt so bad
(14) hanbin's flirting skills: fucking hopeless
I guess I can workout now
I love this
This wind is something crucial off the e
really sacred now
know it
creamy for no reason ano ba pagod na ko haha jk
just glad I only have a 4 hr shift this morning
We TU together in so long!
I know what to do to my hair today
literally us yesterday
ugghhhh my queen is so prettyyyyy omggg
Now I miss that one. A trigger
Arrrrgh!
Is it just me or the finest men have the squeakiest voices
they did
He's so helpless. and Grammys part is sooooo devastating.
I still need to take my child to the pumpkin patch and buy a costume why is time flying like this
I just want to see my track family again
Auhhh u make me miss u more see u and hang out the soonest!!!!
I miss living in jersey and getting Full-Service. It takes everything in me to get out my car and pump my own gas in the windy ass cold!
Hopefully he take a nap round 11 bc I work at 4
The only thing seen here is acrimony . I like watching movies
Richard always has to clean the house from head to toe and gets the scaps from everynights dinner my baby is Cinderella
Just had few scoops of tin roof ice cream and I want more
That sounds so nice
I was a victim too
Don't mind me. I am just casually making gifs of my son to my heart's content. Look at how beautiful
IM TIREDDDD
Ohhh we need to step up, step up !
Me clearly want's to play american football
I always order some & not put the address, like how
I know I should be out of bed but
Muay Thai is so badass I feel like a character from Tekken
wait to hug and kiss my man next week hurry up
Why is it that whenever I see your name I think of eng242 now???
THANK YOU CLAIRE!!! truly blessed to have you since 07 !!! cheers to more years of our friendship, and do guard
I wait to get my hair done
if troye would collab with billie it would be so good
We just gon ignore the gun shots?
Me & sleep just ain't been on the same page
Jom ah hahah but ugh its near my exam week sad life as a student
.tskkk .. can i ask what namjoke smoked on that time
I just went to sleep go back to sleep little girl
My ex spoiled TF out of me then threw me out to the
I'm taking the bus today. It's been so long hopefully I end up where I need to be lol
SHUT UP THANK YOU
can only
to all the baristas na nilandi ako
Wow freezing
I miss my baby
Bigating subject 1st day
Me tooo i am lonely af too, i have anyone to talk
so scared and nervous
Uuuuuugggggghhhhhh 9:30 am yoga. And I still have so much snot.
Of course the presale for this is over already & only available on the Japanese site.
sorry my fault
had bread in 16 days. Lost 6.5lbs. Missing garlic bread and just wanna gorge
i relate
Oh man. I slept without my cpap machine for most of the night and I can feel a huge difference? So tired!
Yess!!!
Stopped cleaning to have some dinner now so unmotivated to carry on
I was dead last night
Dabest talaga sila
Wauw...
OH MY GOD. are you sure that room is even big enough??? either way your death is inevitable, rip you
Idk what to get Paul for Christmas... I actually had no plans on buying gifts this year
with gma though good my baby was with my sister I said unun
I want to go shopping and I would like to go to the movies!
orang yg sama
seen so many listings for houses for sale lately and I honestly cannot wait until I can buy a damn house
Omg amazing
I had a horrible dream Alex broke my heart in this dream ! Like really killed our friendship
Actually i still wishing for After School noonas to coming back, again.
I miss Lana so much I wait to go home and cuddle her
I wish I could get into my old Twitter
the socks
what I deserve
Wanting to go to church but nothing like home
same thoughts
Him: Are you hungry?
Me: Hmmmm
Him: What do you want for breakfast?
Me: Pap
Him:
Happy Sunday
Of course it starts the same time as the Patriots game
I wanted to go so baddd but
I've become a delinquent
Come up to New England please. Seeing you live is on my bucket list
ugh C9 Trap pls
i hate the fact not allowed to dance for the next couple weeks because of this wrist injury
Someone please pay for and deliver me a dominoes
I miss Buddy
You overthink too? cuz that was mee
Fucking all night got my dick hurting this AM.
I find the lie
Yo that dead ass would be so lit niggas gotta make that happen. Niggas know I be twerkin all the time. with it
seeing this memory this morning has me kinda sad.
you gone have to help me bc um.
This man was meant to be my husband
Same girl but I want to try it
Right I be a whole horn dog for nothing
Oct 23 can't come soon enough
It just in me to sleep late
Running off of 3 hours of sleep
Bih I hate white people
I do not be wanting to leave my baby to go to job
facts because idk how to use this shit
Let me get ready to go back to the city for a few hrs
why am i up
how I wish
my heart says yes but my wallet says no
They just be good to the wrong ones and end up torn
Thank you
I wake up craving shrimp tacos omg
& adorable
hanbin's flirting skills: fucking hopeless
fym i miss my iggy
We will see him in November
so much harder to get outta bed when cold out & I hate it
My tummy hurtss.
I dreamt with last night so wonderful
If he dark skin .. I want em
Just gone to go in my shed there are of ladybirds in there sod it they can overwinter in there not going back in
You un-Asian a huge Asian family. Or two.
Basically crazy rich Asians minus the part
Man , so whn me & Bri got our nails & shit done she was like getting lashes I was gonna do mine anyway so I
Omg this Gatorade is life rn I woke up dehydrated afff
elephants are so cool..
I cannot sleep pass 8 anymore
Just two? Really? Not like the last time.
This is so cute I swear a pure angel
I want a real mf boyfriend
I can't wait to be motivated enough to do gym every weekday
Whites : I'm HIV positive
Blacks : Monate mpolaye
I been out for coupons in a while
Im reluctant to say something from the Relentless FC playbook
Poor CP3 Bron to the rescue
very erratic I gotta change.
They tryna fuck Bron season up already
Ug I hate when she goes to work she be so busy she never text me back fast enough
Okay rino is my fave but i like choi hyo je's work too
I hate being cold this finna be so annoying man
Thought that was John Terry for a minute
How does Kanye celebrate his birthday when his EX birthday is on the same day Kanye has a thing for
Gotta work today
HAHAH YEAH MOST LIKELY!! gonna be super disappointed if he go
the way my stomach hurt right now is beyond aggravating
We fail to appreciate those who do things behind the scene because we focus more to those who are in the spotlight.
too sweet
okay!! i got woken up early so probably going back to sleep now
I have to get through this long ass week before my next holiday already tired
The rain and thunder woke me up and now I go back to bed
I love the smell of rain though
Got the window half way open
blessed to have friends that want to travel with me
I miss this SO much.
I been watching scary movies back to back ... like not already scary
Nothing worse then when your skin has cleared up and then you break out awful in spots again WHY
Everything is a process with my people
Now either in denial or these stores lying at no way a XL in pants and still a medium in shirts
Now I remember why I never kept it up the first first place , my eye lids feel like the devil is shouting on them
A fine, fine man
lyf is to short
What a rude girl? but still, I ignore your charm
game day n I need potatoes to cook home fries
Oculus meets TBL are we a randomized control trial siszt?
gg habis hilang semua contacts
Los nervios en high
But some of them literally look like how they do since birth, unfair
You are not Mampi babes
Some headsss shit i would do
wait to crawl into bed and binge watch AHS w my baby
Missing my man ughhhhhhcantwaittosuckhisdickhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
A nigga who learn ya body better than you is a dangerous nigga
Midterms na next week, I
Fucked it leaving my costume till last minute for Saturday
Degree holder na pls for the next 10 years be good to me
I miss my red hair
The month of December is the busy month for me my baby birthday Christmas and my granny birthday
Brittany asked Brandon a question last night that almost put me in tears
I wanna cuddle so bad i need some body heat til my room warm up
Assigned president fr 2018-19 youth in r community ow sht halooww duties.
Yeah that would be amazing. And stop letting pets and toddlers just wander down into the streets
Drake- Peak has me in my feelings this early
I was really sitting here crying watching queen and clare bear idk why
- i need help taking these braids out
Cutest thing ever seen
Damn I got a bad knee I bang her on the floor for more than 3 minutes and only 33 with a bad knee
he looks so beautiful plus the forehead omfg
I need this energy <FRIDAY MOOD>
The best combo
Currupt are always humble
Rondo ROCKED him with the lefty
more sleepless nights to comee
Morning wood
wanna eat and then go back to sleep
please don't trust my words when im angry
No fr fr. Never again
I heard that everyone experiences sleep paralysis at least once in their life like not anxious enough now I gotta live w this fact
I feel like I am constantly hungover and the absolute worst
Drop more songs
I want to go to a post Malone concert sooooo bad
For the second timeeeee halaaaa ily MarcoJose
LEBRON has such an amazing spirit I wait to see him
Pretty sure I drunk text Taby
How to stop coughing?
my voice also sounds so annoying now
bawal ba both
7 inches is cool n all, but? had 10+ and it was great
All I need is Consistency
I penalty save will do (I have Richarlison)
Where my Honey Nut Cheerios people at?
Yup that shit already here and damn 12
I wanna stop the time to work properly on my presentation
sick but i gotta finish packing up this house today.
Short creepy story:
Monday na naman bukas.
It be hitting me randomly I have nobody to roll over to anymore n suck dick or get fucked while tryna smoke
If this world ever take my nigga, it better take me too. I just and I want to, do life without him. My true twin flame
Damn, i missed all the nba savegry last night
Why are all of Diddys sons so damn fine
I want some Sunday dinner
Work at 9... but im still in bed
I know I didn't bc I kept waking up every half hour
I really needed the sleep
Bitch I try I really do but you actually ever try to talk to me that deep ..
My appetite is so off and these ribs look so good and taste yummy but my stomach is not keen
i wish my laptop in storage i need somebody to make a video/slideshow for me.
Even tidur malam pun kena wake up to breastfeed Anggun every 2-3 hours
14:38 2-mile in 30 degree weather!
Another 10 hour shift at work. Doing 68.5 hours in 7 days is too much for me man
Any gender really, like now!!!!! Now we hang anymore
Man of the match for Logie bum... even tho we lost
Lol i breathe
Leave me alOne I just wanted to share my deep and insightful opinions on cake
My eating habits are the worst on weekends. Angina discipline shem
Gotta get to my homework before work
Turks please
My dad still know my age
Why does this interest me? mi know say mi heart weak already
Gotta get hype before working a 12 hour day
If you could speak to anyone in heaven, who would it be? lolaaa koooooo
can cc tell us the real shit
Spinach and Bacon I think so.
Headache
Literally been the worst last day of my holiday I hate being stuck inside
Actually
The weather is so nice at home . Now I have to go back to all of this heat
50-50 tho. They both deserve to win
// do me a favor, soft bock instead of just unfollowing.
i just want a bond . never fold
Apartments in m.k are looking very appealing rn, soon In sha Allah
I know but I hopped they would at least give us a teaser
It's a place of peace and life. I just love dummaaa sooo much
Outside cold af
Washing clothes & then market run
Eeeiii so not yet 27th but this Dawn I dreamt I was dancing Romantically with I swear
I like the idea but i would be a fat cat eventually
shit falling sick
Sweetest talaga lolo ko eh wanna go home na tuloy
I've been up ever since this was announced. Deadass tired; hurry and release
I need something to add to this book crate and idkkkkk what
boy was feeling himself
used the back of the ballpen (kanang flat parehas nimo) as an eraser instead of the eraser itself!!
craving chicken and all I can think about is sharing it w dil
must be nice
French fries please
through and score the goal, but umpire decides to award a pen flick. Great save from
weak why tryna justify for herb and his uneasy flow
it is i, remember?
They were
Te lekker thank you! It has basically came to an end, one more day
insert me crying about being broke so i can't buy an ipad/procreate to do decent digital art
Why is my outdoor game cancelled
Tsc Always Do
Can't actually wait to upgrade my phone, had enough of only seeing half a screen
So ARMYs are the bad one huh?
KARMA IS COMING
Sinena, skin care, stuff for Kendall
Thank you so much . Haven't heard from you in a minute
you are the hero we deserve
need some more ink been a year now
Yoo I hate when I have gas
Think he was on mate, stood
that may or may not have inspired this tweet
Brion helped me FINALLY find a wine that I'm in love with I'm so excited
IM CRAVING CHICKEN RN LOOK AT WHAT YOUVE DONE DIL come back so we can eat it tgt aHA
You ain't alone Food is my entire life
I feel so lost without my glasses
coming home at 5 am these past weekends been fucking up my sleep schedule
still pressed that I sat next to three of them in NY and know till after we left.
Omg
can return here in mnl soon i wanna see them perform live aaaah
Relaxer burnt my scalp so bad surely I'm being punished for using stuff I have no business using on my hair
Family asking about an ex bae is the worst
Can't actually wait to upgrade my phone, had enough of only seeing half of the screen
Where did the little bunny learn this dangerous move?! I'm concerned.
Man them got my stomach howling this morning fucked up
TAKE THIS PROPHET'S ACCESS TO TWITTER BRUH I'M SCARED
Waaah craving for bibimbap at this kind of hour
SNSJWJA please
I got it like this before and mannn
wash day not looking forward to air drying this hair today. brickkkkkkkkkk!
Leg shaking, sheet grabbing, eye rolling, toes curling gots to get me some company
believe I witnessed this live. First time in LA, first ever basketball match...
never having kids , so so so so so exhausted
oh god in less than a week, im gg to winner + ikon concert, and also fighting for tickets for bts....
This wind is beyond me
side note but why are these not available in kids like the others?
hala :((( i love youuuu love
My baby got a cold & running a temp at least her spirits are up
wait to get back to the place i just came from
Day two of the milk diet complete
Ring
so ready for Santo Domingo in December
go sit in there
My job requires a 4 weeks notice or they will try to aka sue me
I woke up with the biggest migraine I just wanna go back to sleep and wake up in 2019
Yessss
Baby
I think i need like two more weeks
no man. why?
pretty sure people would buy it in that case, i think it's going to be rare see cost price anyways
Win for the ones, who don't have the internet to play during Splatooween, my hero.
not getting bread out here getting crumbs
I want some Cracker Barrel
well my dog leaned too hard and fell out the window
My eyes hurt as fuck
YOU GUYS ARE CRAZY JSJSHSHHSBHS CONGRATS S1 WINNER!!!
we barely get grandkids anymore & our kids are old as dirt when they start dating for like a year then they break up!
so ready for my hair appt
Big congrats to my uncle & my new auntieee!! Waiiooooo wish I was invited much love to them
really hard to attend any w1 mixed stages event coz people WONT FREAKING BEHAVE... Only concerts is nice
I would love to binge-watch shane's jake paul series but fuck our shitty internet man.
I believe I had to set my alarm on a Sunday just to watch the titans
I did the most smacked shit yesterday I ordered Uber eats at like 12 am right , my ass fell asleep and MISSED
gagu i love my friends soooo much kahit lagi akong third/fifth wheel
I Miss My Friend Wynter
WATCH THE FILM!!!!
Why is it so windy
leeleebari come and marry me
Why do I always cry at filmsssss these days
nothing worse than mondays
I miss shorty
HURRY UP
Medium Hufflepuff if you can mate. Primark do store-to-store ordering
Somehow my Tragus piercing fell out when I was asleep and now closed up, what is life
Boss oya wire wire for me lau
You love your sneaks wena MaRhadebe. How many times must they fall prey to body humours?
Next time I go to the city getting my hair done ! only right
Same here
Damn I hit 21 & my body wanna go through changes & shit I feel so old
Like no doubt we can sneak our little asses up there but they just look right over us
pandora keep trying to tempt me
The gifted turning up
Duuude I imagine! Hailey started sleeping thru the night at 5 months!
Some of my ideas cost millions
i'm so inlove with you
Breakout
Paleeees stop me from watching KZK. I don't want to.....
Share some of that weed
I was out my body last night
I'm this... to giving up
May second sem pa naman Opx
Omg chilly out!! What a wonderful day for Disney
Tired!!
The colors so cute
I should stop being so impulsive
katamaran will really pull you down bye achievers pOtek
why am I up
Azz!
Hate ppl that know how to brush their teeth using only mouth wash not the key floss bitch tf funky mouth ass
Same. I have one... but all independent and shit now. I want mooooore
Maybe the reason why no one showed their emphaty on me is because I didn't even showed mine when they were at their lowest??
Should I add Lil Yachty onto playlist
It should be illegal to look /that/ soft when you're 185cm tall
I should have been a koala
Everybody is still asleep, the only one up what is life
should stop being so impulsive on my actions
Fuck. Yes. Literal childhood
This 5am-2pm shift is ass I want to go to sleep
Yesss. Saturday mornings pa gid
Made it safely to California! Longest flight ever
Read this whole thread with my mouth open
Omo nah this weather person wan go meet for camp I fit to faint like this Oo
God is Good All The Time ......
My best friend calls me "Honey" when she's worried about me and im weak
Going to school working and dancing 40 hours a week
I fell we ran up a small hill and when I ran down I lost my step and.... was lying on the ground lmao
I Want to learn so many languages
It has been cancelled. I'm so pained
SHT IF THAT REALLY HAPPENS I HOPE YG WILL CLARIFY RIGHT AWAY OR ELSE STAN TWT WILL BE ON FIRE FOR WEEKS
dropping new music the day before my birthday wait
Someone needs to fuck me up in a car accident already, I could use the money.
Pfft that's so mean.
Well finally also can she stop saying it to him, it's so stupid and disrespectful and WRONG
so ready to be off and I even been here for 4 hours yet
Old News can we move on to a different topic
I Gotta Pussy Ass Hang Over
being high asf feel so good all my Weedholics say Yooooooo
I Wanna Switch From Striaght Talk But Dont Have The Money For A New Phone At This Moment
please i just want to sleep why can't i i ever get good sleep
I think they hear you sis
gonna miss this person
Amazing I feel like just at the beginning right now
my crush looks so cute grrr
I KNOOOOW but I tried to make it as tasteful as possible tho
I miss you like shit !!!
Aww not the same
i wnted to smile in this pic but i rmbr umi told me to look sick
I am tired of spending my own money
Urgh 5 more hours to go at work
feel ko pogiii pero pogi or not so pogi is fine with me. HAHAHAHAHAH atleast ganun siya mag isip
dear God, please make him feel good and i hope he's not anymore upset and sad because he is very much appreciated
they gonna look amazing!! I can already see it
Just fucking take my soul and shove it up my ass king I'm yours
Ke kopa o mpo shebelle fela. You can't support the enemy no matter what
ITS CRYPTIC INTERNET CODE a mystery to us all (aka from one of those tik tok videos sjdjdj)
Omg!!! I love the transformers I need to steal a couple of kids
Still believe people smoke while pregnant that poor child
Why are so sexy?
One thing after another these days, please just give me a break
coming to see you man
i was really looking forward to today
why cant i memorize all of these????
Come home already I miss you so muchhhhh
HOLLERING let my niece be great
I was hurt
Will I ever have enough money to get all the tattoos I want
It has been great until i noticed that tomorrow is Monday
*whenever i see a picture of Chris Brown*
*saves picture*
did i just saved this picture, or did this picture saved me??
been on this side in a while...it almost feels new. see if mi can function.
Time to adopt that whole family
this fs is called gyunicorn omg is this you
I be having so much money in my phone case baby if I ever lose this phone y'all gone be blessed
Deadass tired of this bum ass transportation
Lord, please!
Moes nna ketlo hlanya mo tseleng. Atleast one friend, not alone
exposed tea - I fucked his mom and you wouldn't believe what happened *not clickbait*
Adtu dayun rotonda round 2 to 3 am tapos chill songs ugh
Turkey wings sound so good
Kinda of asking myself the same thing right now
Now I only got a hour to get ready for work
Heart attack is so funky and the rap
think gonna take rafael out to see halloween bc we chilled in foreverrrrr das my bestfriend also my cousin
u blessed my ears once again
My heart is beating uncomfortably pace and hot .... I imagine what women go thru . Monthly
I really really feel like having the breakfast I had last week Sunday
lucky she does not need a pillow, she can sleep any where
Bitch really tried to Emmett Till this little boy
*whenever i see a picture of Chris Brown*
*saves picture*
did i just saved this picture, or did this picture saved me??
Yep! true
I have a clue , I associate myself with that kinda laylay
OF COURSE the year I will be out of town
so cute! idfky comel gila lelaki macam ni ish. i kerai
This is disgusting and so sad That poor Woman!! I hope he gets what is coming to him The Man
Shame
Tell me about it, that word is annoying! Do we look like puppies to be called cute KMT!
I like their cannelloni but I only eat that when feeling expensive cause duo disappears too quick
Stomach on 10
He love me anymore
Nom
Tang yellow
I should not be up this early but lee and charlee sleep so fucking wild
This is the first & last time i attend 2 different Halloween parties
Yazi lento ka Dladla Mshunqisi yokumemeza is getting out of hand .....angeke sithethiswe emakhaya siphinde sithethiswe etshwaleni ay fok
My mom use to have me like this all the time only way I would sleep
chocolate men are my weakness
Can i find this please
Me too! Especially when super cold
I have a blog post to edit but so lazy rn
i be soooo bored when Mari is gone
when u're irritated af but u still need to be a super duper kind & a soft-hearted person
red flag alert!!!!!!!
so close to mono my mental breakdown is schleep
I know but not available here but imma find it somewhere
You shit for this one
Thank God no school this weeeek
And once again left broken I need a cuddle so bad
Listen here Thackery Binx. Okay I got nothing
When isnt at work to make you some bomb coffee and at work at 5:45am
katamad yung idea na may film showing sa umaga sa sm, tapos derecho school para matuloy klase but still thankyou for the opportunity
so close to mono my mental breakdown is schleep
bath and sleep cus my head is pounding
Maybe the reason why no one showed their empathy on me is because I didn't even show mine when they were at their lowest??
Exactly.. left us to deal with consequences of their mistakes
Why I put good use of my membership
so tired man
God he was so cranky during Halle
Yes. Love me some Kevin gates
I read somewhere on here you can just forgot to screen grab
I always promise myself not gonna binge DD and then I do
Will finish up later today
My family going to VA for thanksgiving and I am not tryna be in a car for 8 hours
this app is undefeated
comma hair and exposed forehead are my WEAKNESS so why was it allowed that kim minseok showed up looking like THAT
Its cold asf outsidee
Why Am I Up So Damn Early
Michael Ealy has me in my feelings
Yo cuz why is it so cold
WHYYYY my day off dammit why am I awake rn
Everyday
I know but ye toh sach haina agar dalal na hoti toh varia sath hote aj
Wish I was closer by so I could get a class
A simple morning can change a whole mood
Neeeeeed this in my lifeeeee
Sitting in a steamy hot bathroom trying to get my girls congested nose unplugged
Fines like a mufucka, Ingram better find his favorite spot on the bench for a couple games
We make it out to our traditional spot yet this year! We still have time.
Fufu and goat light soup on a hot Sunday afternoon is so underrated tbvh
Goddamit wish I was there
i want to visit intramuros someday
and I sure about Godwin since evans will be covered
Gotta spend 3 hours in this cold for my sons football game
Don't treat us like a burden. We have a lot to deal with as it is.
Hire a bitch damn
Nag chat si axl na gutom send dayun sya mga pics now im craving for some friesssssssaa
Replyyy
Howw to be yours cath? miss u
That orange on the first car!
I want a fast and a furious AU with Seulrene?
I wanna go in to work today but my body is not letting me move from my bed
How do i get on this group please
Thank God for twitter and tumblr spoilers i don't have to get tortured for 20 minutes straight just to see sarada every week
yeah it's not too late for announcement but December would be better even if im having exid cb deprivation
Yesss , I hate 3:00 games
Tweets like this just remind me on why I get waxes now cause whew chile
sorta wanna tweet something kinda controversial but then again i have no respect for people who find it offensive
Woke up at 7am on a Sunday, drove 40 min to a special class and just did 12 Miles. Idk who I am right now
Nothing humbles me than Hand washing my clothes been at it since morning
I've tried to watch making a murderer sooo many times because people hype it up but I just can't get past episode 2.
all my gay friends fine asf
Jsshshhs magnus already knows he's important to alec
off this dam ship finally
why is my man that is not my man so cute
True . Apart from the last act of the night and the girls, he was the only good one
Hoy crush asa naka mag school? Far Eastern University or LDCU daw
brief moment of excitement when i got a text thinking someone remembered.. but it was just an alert i have a bill due
Daddy is in japan and im at home laying in bed all day
I love the blackforest hot chocolate at but I was so disappointed when I took the lid off today.
he played can't help falling in love goodnight
P.s. don't know the exact title of the song
i get what shes saying... but at the same time its ok to be a black christian woman.
I just want 1 nigga who gone be all for me faithful & I have my own money like what else I need
Just be cool
Kinda my first one and it just so happen to be the damn COWBOYS
I want a fast and a furious AU with Seulrene
Delayed flight
confronted in Kentucky restaurant
Stolen children
I'm sleepy! 2 more hours to go. I have an announcement to make for ph hanbaes out there
something bout you .. makes me feel like a dangerous woman
I know Almost 10 years time need to stop
There are more chargers fans in England than there are in LA shambles
I been up since 4
WTF has happened to Katic!?
Just about to cook a roast & the power has gone off
Gusto ko lang bumalik
Truly awful stuff from Rangers here
a little chilly outside today
Bruh seeing all these babies & being around pregnant folks help the baby fever already been having I want one
I am addicted to watching Elite
The Hate U Give was such a good movie I literally cried the entire movie
Not sure when I will be free again.
Help with follow limits
Y is this so me?
Going to be end oct already, the fan kit
2010 was the beginning of chestnut
I keep telling myself getting to old for this shit
Woooowwwwssss
addicted to bad bitches idk what it is about
Uugghh I have so much tidying up, cleaning and decluttering to do before next Friday and I just cannot keep myself motivated
Woke up famished
Right!!! He said to old for this
Y'all my body still hates me can it just actually normal instead of heating me up and causing pain
Nada
Let me go to this wash house and just get it over with ...
the cringiest thing has got to be when someone first becomes single and has to let EVERYONE know about it desperate for attention
From an immortal drinker to an immortal sleeper pretty quick
just loosing weight stressing and not eating .
Omw to this money.
Ready take this hot shower then make the kids breakfast I need a man at home to get up when sick
I just said this but I be so aggg without it
The most perfect one has fallen into my lap
Drove 14hours straight to bring my cousins home to see our aunt... my body is hurting so bad right now
pls i'm not having expectations but if he could surprise us that would be sweet, he needs to follow
wait to take my baby ona baecation
B scratched my back
One more week until vacation
Why you come when I have deadline to do
hawu, late applications not considered
How you even managin' to keep straight faces in all the pictures that I seen lately
Lord knows you still look amazing
Im out of tea this morning
yea that was a lil minute ago fr but King Cajun on mills and juicy crabs on the Kirkmannnnn
You need to bless us again
I should of never used my last Lil bit of money starving
can camila stay to live in Latin America
If only it was a hardtop
Not the spiked loafers
It's so inspiring how people quit their high paying jobs for happiness money isn't everything but it really is though
Might as well my name be chimney
Lmao me and Samir love Overstimulated by Jhene Aiko just know that night I played it, it was a MOOD shit got real
omg the undersea hotel on neelofa igstories sampai tua pun iolss tak mampu
I listen to & by Ella Mai every day
dom bed comfortable asf ian wanna leave best believe he said ima b over there this weekend tho
I wish Summer made Baby longer
She was definitely giving me Jazmine Sullivan vibes lol
They getting on my nerves
Been struggling with a conclusion for the past 2 days, agh
Alright bub lol
I never check my mail
Pengubat rindu i balik kedah esok
Goddangit. That means I have to go downstairs
I always do!
Yes we are. Nothing more unsettling for the opposition than an early goal! X
Girl crush char HAHAHAHAHA thank youuu
Beware, they grow so quickly Lilly was only 8 weeks here & be 3 in March so
Niggas 30 you gotta plan ahead
I actually like the wild side fuck ur barber again but full vid please
This is so damn beautiful!
I cannot wait to tell him about himself later
TP STILL TK PUAS HATI PSL EVENT NI SBB TK DPT TGKP GMBR DGN DIA
Can I be RJ?
Are you saying that just bc cute or because the cakes are v v v good? Ottolenghi is nearer to me
I have so much saving to do after this trip
i went to sleep at 8:30 pm on a saturday night & slept for 12 hours straight. bless up
From commute-buddies to bffs huhu im soft ily 4ever
today is going to be the longest day ever
Okay!!! bc I really thought it was just me & I was tripping
Uni in a nutshell
This shit even look fun. Nor is it cute this girl look like she belong on the walking dead
Third year hitting me hard
i want to buy this watch i saw but i have to save some moolah for a possible trip next month
My babies have me up making breakfast
Gonna back to indonesia next week cant wait to meet my grandma and grandpa
My son do look like me more than he look like nick just tryanna figure out wat day was that I put in all this work
NOW I wanna go see the Rockets/Lakers rematch in Jan.
Only thing I wanttt
The only ones I saw were dark/white chocolate & mini oranges
iPhone 6 only No time to go to shop and buy. Can you believe it Nov mid week planning to buy
It just sunk in that the Man Utd 98/99 treble season was 20 years ago
Herl!!! Now u make me wanna read it again
Not my baby huncho tho this is unbelievable
When I know someone is upset with me about something I sleep
Closed today
Imagine seeing him in real life
I started with 24,000 pics and now down to 9,869. this is a real project
breezy I need to finished fall shopping
mon amourrrr
I need to get up back to business today! Crunch time!
up and she is sleeping peacefully beside me. Wake up !
They go ruin it
my heart just melted
my ovaries!! I want a baby righttt now! ! I want a baby right nowww
hell, how i wake up looking
Actually, drugs and music are soulmates
MY WIG, I TRIED!
But i really want that nintendo switch
gonna go to urgent care when Dre gets back home from work. so exhausted
The real question now is
What this avery chan not do hejshdjwhdis
Finally Got The Milk Shake
EVERYONES HAVING BABIES BUT ME!!!! (remind urself baby fever what u want rn, you got school and work to think bout)
Oh gas me suh love you!
Pls stop looking so attractiveim trying to stop liking you
Fr cus I wanna see it to
Ghaaa... I haven't gotten the chance to finish this one since there's no a good link around....
NOHOE ... is that you
I even finished reading the first season off the manga LMAO too long maybe when the
this is why he was my favorite Dawg just look at that smile for making her day!
Have a AMAZING time say hi to the girls from me wish I could have gone but unfortunately not a teen
Darnell used to do this from the age of 8 months to almost 2 but only to males
was gonna come for you
Why is this so hard
oyyy ang galing. diko inexpect to waooo
Goodluck dearself untuk math esok
Sheer unsolicited pain
I was soooo tired last night and my daughter slept the whole night god bless her
I wish he would wake up
I really be trippen -N
sorry cant help u
I hate this dance I do with myself where I get out of bed until I am completely starving then I rush to
rip coffee
sisi text me on WhatsApp . I don't have your number anymore
I wish the girl who dyed my hair the last time still lived in Bessemer
I like twitter sooo much better feel like I can express myself more
Thank you, Papa hehehe!! Dahil tapos na daw kami magdefense unexpected reward. Sml.
Harmoni is so sweet & innocent
I missed twitter tho. I even mean to delete my old one But I needed a new start lol
Give me some numbers to play
Finer and finer each time smh
Trying to pick out a costume for my godson he gonna look so cute
Ok i know officially old when I look at ig stories and they are all at the club and I start to feel exhausted
my 10th day working straight & a double .... I think my body is already giving up on me
Wow, London is so warm and sunny today. I wanna leave
I feel like I slept in the middle of 95. Every inch of my body hurts
I have to tidy up my dressing room Rien n que penser la flm
I got drunk after knowing I had work the next day, fuck I feel like shit
A "lazy" racist, with a side of homophobia. Awesome...
shawarma, mad chicken, mini stop chicken, tokwa
Gosh you looks so cute
Parenting has to be the hardest thing that I have encountered with as an adult
ADE verknipt/solid grooves was up there with one of the BEST events ever been to unreallllllllll
I hate it when the Holy Spirit does this.
Channing! You Been Cutting TF Up! RT
i feel the fuck out of this rn!
i don't have a crush on him anymore (he has a gf) but that won't change the fact that he's still attractive ok
Something is wrong with me and idk wtf it is
I just want a loyal down ass man
Had so many plans last night, and do shit
I havent had doughnuts for a min, i want some
I wish somebody can give me a ponytail
I have to tidy up my dressing room Rien que penser la flm
This a hard one I love them both
I've never been so jaded. I don't know if i need vigour and excitement in my life or if I'm okay with this.
i love her hair so much big hair is so sexy!
I refuse to turn on the heat until November!
Nah rondo fixed Chris Paul real quick
I should not have played that Dru king game last night
why u take a hint
Nooooooo anything but ASMR please
Whole meals out here being treated like side dishes know ya worth you the main course!
I know people faithful I see girls lie all the time
his brother handles all face-pawing
you know I get it from you
My feet are still swollen from all that walking yesterday
Right nowwwww
he needs to up his game from his papi chulo moustache from that jp fanmeeting baekhyun pls coach him we trust u
This week is gonna be rough
Nah I gotta drop some pounds. Ya girl thick, thick.
finally starting to close her eyes omg the sleep is so close
Closed my eyes for a whole 30 mins tryna force myself to sleep, fok i give up, ahg sleep has favorites too i really am feeling tired.
Like right now I wanna book a flight to LA, just because
4 Me Pleaseeee
shes living the best life honestly
When you realize you forgot to get Togo of bistros dope af soup and closed for the next two days
Still over how cold I was yesterday at Jewon game
Bestnya harith pergi nights of fright
Ya5i I love you more than ever know.
Hope I have to get nothing pulled
On behalf of all men . terribly sorry This guy should be arrested
I shed a tear
Fatz snoring woke me up & now I go back to sleep
been dying to try glossier their lipglosss too!
Barely
I wish I could just get a baby sitter. I hate pawning my kids off on people though. If I got em, I keep em
Also not ready for this 15 hour work day rn
This Ashanti disrespect <<<<<
If texting and I randomly send you a vn, please assume I want one too. just really lazy
I know I can get better comes with patience
Today I have an 8 year old where has the time gone
I get so anxious watching video clips of namjoon like you never know what going break smh
I actually have nice thick hair but so hard to maintain
why am i up
Orrrrrr am gutted am working and missing Goonies
my friends going be like we left one little weekend & you showed yaa ass !
When I ask my mom if I can wake up the boys up and she said you dare.
No Steelers football cld be a good thing tho cuz that damn defense
I need to stop thinking capable of walking home from town on a night out when steaming
Washing clothes and cleaning Can I hire a maid? so damn lazy!
293 / 365
[for 10.20.18; able to tweet bc i went for a trekking and stayed overnight
Why am i up so early
my fucking day off tf
Wait, I think I am
so it all makes sense now Pisces moon in the 12th house & Pisces Rising..... never felt this overwhelmed.
Let me get up cause I will really lay here hungry
Sisi online con artists have been under attack lately and I don't know why
why is he sooooo handsome???
I wait to do the sammmme
The way this baby growing , ima be huge
Throwback
sorry for the photo dump, vern told me to do it
where are you coming back
Rondo and S/O Brandon Ingram aw yeah LeBron big Pussy
2 weeks until away then I come back to a complete different team
For ONCE I would like to gain like 5lbs or so and for ONCE having the most difficult time doing so
Really praying I get a puppy for Christmas/ my birthday
Imagine working somewhere where you have to sing happy birthday to someone tho
I did actually Lol I been gone .. express delivery will do
Just kiss already ugh
Me too, was in church and wondering "didn't they say we fought this and won?"
Few hours later, UBA too
I like her like that tho
i have so much stuff to get done today
alright Stef let's do this
Someone please guide me to where I can buy a pair of these pants please
My lil heart take this
woh life why?!
Agree. Poor Monday. Tuesday is just as bad but always Monday that takes the hit.
why tf is it so hot
I hate texting people
oh just wait til after this babyyyy coming for this body again
My baby fever is just awful right now
Way way not why
i have so many feels about this...
When you have an overnight trip and start working overnights in the same week AND you get sick AF!
Imagine ACTUALLY seeing him in real life
way too close to E to be sitting in this long ass drive thru line
so scared to fly with Laila but I guess I have to do it at some point
I been having the best sex of my life
Ugh we stan a polyglot Queen
Did you not get the scrap between your own players? I missed it
Why are there so many whiny, bratty kids around these days?!
Ohh yeah i fucked up last night.
my roommate the one for me </3 allergic to seafood
Maybe you want to stay but i want you i love everything with you babe
This shit on Espn rn got me bout to cry man
For Christmas all I want is a rose gold and white Litmans stethoscope and a rose gold series 4 Apple Watch
where can I either find or order your guys book from?
What chance? apparently they broke up because Proverb is always putting his kids first
I want to add clip-ins to my collection trying to figure out which route to take though ladies we make life so
my mom really is a crackhead, i thought i was hearing shit only to find out she was awake all night and thats why i sleep
He was still in the suit and his colors smh
the gazebo, at a top division club
this is beautiful
Grave
Devil trying to keep me from church this morning
Ooooo thank u sisss
The acting on Disney Channel just keeps getting worst, either that or I was too young to realize it was always poor
No no no anyone need a ride to DFW next week?
The acting on Disney Channel just keeps getting worst, either that or I was too young to realize it was always poor
stressed out I have to pick one but I wanted both but priority comes before pleasuring
Someone travel w me
stressed out I have to pick one but I wanted both but priority comes before pleasuring
Use that wild grow that shit really works
My mom is at church
never be afraid to commit ate hindi lahat ng lalake pare pareho promise worth it Thank you so much!
Ahgg, can 2026 come quicker
cold
I need a Gf, tired of waking up alone
Someone please send some bootyhole pics in my DMs
um why are bras so expensive such a struggle
I need food. realizing how much I lost in Michael I need all of it anyway, but still.
send some this way sis
I hate being up so early
Oomf could get all this
Wish I could come home to her every night
My nan keeps making us watch Christmas films
Bruh, this will be me come January
Send halp w/
HC boring can we have a Selu HC 2.0 again this year
Too late
he told me he wanted a divorce, I told him he needed his testosterone levels OH MY GAWD
Just happened to me
tommy said we not drinking no more so big blunts only ctfu
I sleep I do not want to be up rn
My baby shower was everything still tired from it No time for rest tho
I want some fire breakfast
just when you think you gave it to the right person but then you get messed over
Sorry
I need an oil change almost every 3 months this shit is ridiculous when you have that cheap shit
Go grab her some Special Ice drinking water
Last week we were in Walmart & I told him no to a toy & he cried so bad I had to take him back that night
Meanwhile my dad even bake me a basic ass cake
I hate having the stomach flu that shit is the worst :( and I have work ima couple of hours
No Bill, unfortunately they show any photographs of the outstanding displays in Linlithgow.
Awwww Thank you. Really
I feels like, I wanna have a relaxing time at beautiful beach
Oh my GOD I might actually be ready
I love my brothers but they still some niggas and I can't stand niggas
surely come to perth
I want breakfast in bed but home alone
Idk if normal how hype I get over food
Why why why
Still the best
Or just go to them all together
Hello! How do you get rid of acne scars? Help dis boi pls
But Soooo tired now
She look yung to
Whew, makes sense then.
been so hard man
Oh yea this season go be good af
I find it so unattractive when guys shave their armpits. gross in my opinion
Just caught up, wish i was there live because i had some thicc questions
Anyway it was GOOD !
yesterday had me beat yo
I want another baby so bad
PEOPLE ARE SHIT.
\
( (>
_/ \_
If.....he......EVER said this to fainting on spot!! omg I love him
The hawk is biting out that door this morning !!!
Sipon be like. Sakit sa uloooooo!
NOT looking forward to this day AT ALL
Now can the resttttt follow
Ugh I know I miss you
I still need to get it
so crazy watching my nephew grow up. he talks so much and knows more about sports than I do
I need to find an outfit for this weekend
Dis thread lolll da screenshots not fake you are
Sorry I think she is to innocent
This statement so dry even Kalahari desert seem so wet
I've heard that song a billion times tho, I'm good
not going to find out how Bridget is still alive until The Last Hours?? I take this torture!!
Chanel is the fakest dread starter I know
I love my nephews sooooo much
Shining Resonance Refrain left a while in me that Lacrimrosa of Dana is NOT FILLING.
I love my job but I hate leaving Mateo
Im late to everythinggg
cold asf outside
A FUCKING PERSONALITY TRAIT AT THIS POINT
I watched attack on Titian for 3 Sundays now i need a new tv
bitch the accuracy !!!
Same! All choices were so hard and I hated the teacher so much! Ah finally somone I can talk about it with hehe
tbh its hard to trust Hanteo after this. How are we gonna know if the numbers are legit and not being manipulated
To apx nessa foto
your secrets are save with me sis I gotcha
Nose so stopped up
going back to jurong makes me sO SAD but what to do when u live 7 light years away from ur school
I really need to get back home to my computer
It is killing me that the World Series game 2 is on Wednesday
does not deserve this competition
Sayeed is making me breakfast this morning
Spending mint cash is such a difficult task.
So excited to eat
He gone kill me vibe i can feel it
been craving it bad
AND mind you, my day started less than 2h ago
Shining Resonance Refrain left a hole in me that Lacrimrosa of Dana is NOT FILLING.
you never
I woke up feeling like a lightweight I even drink that much last night
My legs are soooo sore!
Will do! If you find one too, me too pls.
I'm gonna lurk somewhere to find a fix for this.
This damned weather is freaking
See what i did there?
YEAH but i never got a screenshot of it
wanna have heart to heart talk with u
Yeah, I also tried reading minds, I would focus so hard.
Very wild I was expecting him to be clowned but look
PLEASE SHARE DADE COUNTY & BROWARD COUNTY laprettyhussler_ - I pray ok
take a scoop of each
My mom would do this til she realizes that I tell her having the worst week of my life every week
I hate that even up right now ..
sooo fucking tired but gonna get up and go watch some Bermuda ball
I get it Chris Paul and Bron are friends in real life but at least check on your teammates first
Wanna lay on your chest and tell you how much you really mean to me
Moved into the house...feels good to not have neighbors around me
Literally got sooooooo many drinks last night like why Tianna
Bruh! You can tell meeee tho I tell!
Mais trop
Was this your freshman year? I missed it
It's so tiring just keeping yourself alive
Hahah right! Im so confused
.. all I wanna do is sleep but to bad cause I gotta go to work
My ears hurt so bad
I wanna take a vacation with my babe .. just me and him
Baby baby baby baby
I need diner food
Johnny is such a fine wine
The 1975
Mybsubday about to be so peaceful
Dumb bitch. Wiping bogies on people
I wish you would talk to me for months and not know my name tie you up to a bed and put a 10ft pole up
I can literally feel the stressy, awful exam me coming out already
It was sold out the first day
Just wanna go back to sleep
I'm really sitting here thinking about McDonald's breakfast
I feel myself getting sick already
think abt shit but u
I deadass copied a longer caption from the previous owner of this account and GOT NO RESPONSE lol i should've
Al final me d pasarte el buneary, jopetas
Ugh miss volleyball
Listen, high wind will make you want to cry
Clearing out the loft and spare room, stuff everywhere
Just gathering dust, someone could use them, good reading/research
The full moon is triggering the MAGAot snowflakes.
Hailey Bieber my heart
Need to get me a school that have 2 weeks off at October
I miss him fr
about to cry i got to go pee so bad
i wanna go for a pottery class!! i miss getting my hands dirty for art
I feel you all summer I saw kids at the kindergarten I worked at wait for their grandma to come
why under my covers. Instead of out running Cold: 1 Rhonda: 0
21 All Girls Can to All Too Well ... -
3 tho.
Can I and my mom didn't fight every day?
this a good thing.. I watched yet
so sick even sneezing and coughing hurts
Barbs, please, answer me. Get me out of this misery. Why did you choose me in the first
IT FEELS THE SAME WAY
when I say I sleep , so bad
Everytime I start thinking bot u know who, that's wat I do...just so I don't do anything stupid
I just want a bond never fold for nobody or nothing
i wanna do that when i have a kid
I am +21 so not a problem
Dawg I love & hate looking at Brit snap after we have a bomb night out. She always got me doin shit but it be so funny!
I love our Discord jargon
Like tf did i even do to be blocked, istg im really nice (to cat)
Am I the only one complaining about this lagos weather?
Who have we offended?
See Sun
I still seen sh*t
My bed feels too good to get up
Any type of shoe teti ukwate nachipale
monday tomorrow
on my mind???
I pray that whoever I end up with is a man of God
I really need to put last weeks laundry away and go to the grocery store but too cold outside.
Really wait to get back in the bed
I wanna go to work, shit I wanna get out of bed
Need to see a Star is born, Halloween, and bohemian rhapsody so desperately
I LOVE THIS WOMAN, SHE'S BEAUTIFUL AS FUCK. (hopefully she retweets this)
sleep much these days.
20' SO CLOSE!
Parma counter quickly and the ball finds its way to but he drags his shot wide after
Always with the smoke
fucking cold
story Red rocks
Who else can it be
pwede skip ta sa research?
I need some going out friends Everybody wanna be laid up all the time ! tired of sitting in the house
Tooth hurting
This is gonna be a long week
Lmaoooo! Omg I need to find this full clip!
i feel so ugly
need to be leaving out now so i could hurry up and get back
this energy >>>
I had so much fun yesterday
If you're careful they're so worth it I love mine!!! Nope, no content to edit. Ya girl hasn't even
I miss my uncle I need to stop playing and go get my ID so I can go see him again
Gosh! I thought it was 5pm already. What in the slow day is happening?
THIS VIDEO IS SO CUTE OMG
weekdays are coming again ugsjjshs i need REST
2 ladies pointing out the same outcome...
I still believe the insanity will STOP
With these niggas yes
She is beauty. She is grace. She can also punch in face. TheGram: |
I want gatorade
Idk how ima stop rolling up
Lool had enough of this hair
just woke up and realized I got a lot of cooking to do today
well henlo im so regretful & embarrassed bye
She love me , she not trynna respond to nun of my tweets all good
I wanna rabbit but I dont have wifi
fermentation done, article analysis konti na lang nbook + portfolio pa
WOW BIO
Check out The Flower We Saw That on Netflix
ADE verknipt/solid grooves was up there with one of the BEST events ever been to every dj smasheddddd it
My gosh though, they're so mal-nourished....
if only my brain would let me do it
I got house fever
Someone come with me to see the new Halloween
Omg I saw him after and he had all cuts in him
I damn near lost my sanity mija and so creepy and all alone , i had to for a minute but now i can do without
Pulled a muscle in my neck again feels like my arms gonna fall off got a busy day tomorrow dont need this
Lowkey wanna turn the heat on
Honestly Snapchat filter saves lives ugh
(Yes I posted this yesterday but welllllllllll)
Yessss all I want for Christmas
another semester of 1's please
his gamer tag is little cousin. so good so unreal someone pay this kid.
My wingman isn't here to stand by me
Only Pussy Ass Niggas gotta mention my name while arguing with they girl Fuk dat got do wit me pusssman
oof i miss u all especially
I literally ulang this for million times aduh kucai ni i cannot la
Why does the weekend have to go so fast....
I can see this spiralling down very soon and nothing I can do about it
My data is dying but still here I hate the universe for doing this to me
I woke up this morning w/ you on my mind i love you family
I need to lock myself in a room with no distractions & get all of this homework done for the week
I want some short hunter boots.
I Only Go Around Lunch Lbs Ts Be Soooo Good
Yoooo, these white girls be wilding out here I love it
boring eh
you see my boyfriend???
Oh no back
cold asf & tired asf.
I work all day today Already woke up tired
Got in at 4:30 & up already
thankful for you too boo so lucky to have a best friend like you so I gotta be 10 toes behind ya, I LOVE YOU
I miss them...
the fact that there is no livestream this year is deeply upsetting
Im not yet ready for tomorrow
But Kareem fine sha.
Ah fuck, all three
Oof I'm quite pleased with how that part of Take me ended uwu. I hope I'll be able to pull off the next scenes
Meerrccyyy
still a mystery
I actually haven't yet watched the whole movie, I watched the opening scene only I will get to
Why would Paul mush him in the face
ANO BA WALA BA AKONG PAHINGA?!?!?!?!!?!?!!? SMX TO MOA TO RIZAL PARK?!?!??!? TAS BUKAS TAGUIG?!?! BAKA DI NA AKO MAKAUWI NG ILOILO
Not true this whole video is good I wish u kept atleast one hoop to practice
I love it when my credit score goes uppp
You would have KNOWN if saw my man
so needy
... you literally brew the best tea! Also, this just made me so homesick
So glad all the festivities over I just need water! Lol
goodluck to us!!
saying I want none of you bitches. So think that
I even have wine stain on one
Khumbula indoda yam
been to church w/ my daughter in a while.. she bigger now so I wonder how she will act I feel like going to show her ass lbs
I took this wig off but his I have to treat my hair
woke this morning , PRAISE HIM , clocking in though
I hate those dreams that feel so real
i cant wait to become heartless
I mean... I can wait... but I wait to sit around and watch my husband and child to play like this
Im so conceited but the knb yokai designs are so basic I like my assignments better too
and Mike are literally my fave couple ever, the amount he checks her out when she's just doing her thing is adorable
Putting up a front telling yaself you miss someone & you no longer care but you do
I just wanna do fall activities
Damn I would save hella bread
God I see what doing for others
gonna be good I promise no one spam me pls
I watched it in the club last night. You could hear everybody over the music I was fallin out abt it
They cuuuuute
Cold Af outside
See person pikin see as e fine...
And your pinned twt still hunting me
headerrr
Cause what i want
sinxity
I miss gradeschool bey
nah it was just funny to me and since when do you call me sumi bitch
I just ate and now I feel like I want to throw up
Definitely taking my ass to this week. I need it
43 days left & baby will be here
this 8th
So tough to bench Edelman without gronk
not to be dramatic or lazy but i can seriously feel my tiredness for tomorrow
This thread brought back so many memories
We are spoiled too much
This really gave him opportunities in life..... so proud
These cramps killing me Rn too early
I go wound you o
HAHAHA, wait..I've missed so much!
Pls take me along with you
so beautiful
too cold to be shopping on Michigan ave today.
The adrenaline from tonights events is wearing off though and I can slowly feel my neck stiffening up real bad
back to the city i go, i miss my bed
HIYANG HIYA AKO I HAD TO EXPLAIN NA NANUNUOD AKO NG HORROR
i love gospel music so much .
Seeing my grandma laterrrr Good morning happy Sunday
I miss my crazy baby so much these niggas aint with the shits enough
How have I managed to full on rip my only nice black skirt
I fucking wait til December
missin' my neggy so bad
i wait to love & kiss on dylan when he comes home from work
Now my cold has turned into laryngitis
Slim needed come over here & rub Aubri so she can calm down
So fast compared to my 2 bar 4g line
The doggy looks so happy
The second hug got me
And gonna be hot I like the sun
Woke up feeling tired
I need some breakfast
AS IF my back pain has come back
omg, i know it posed to b in Dallas right now!!!!!
We bouta go to waffle hse & not driving
Lord hELp mE pLs
Why has dropped the excellent icecream sundaes but kept the godawful Flurry? I don't want lumps in my ice cream
2017 and 18 has been the best for me I have never been this happy !!!! I rlly wanna cry right now.
Just got the alert
i tried drawing my bae kaneki but i horribly failed idk what happened with the quality bye
really freezing
How come wen i play petty I actually hurt a bih feelings like damn man come be my friend again hoe
i been playa all my life
Surely the Packers are here next year
I need this and I have never seen it is this available in stores? Like I absolutely have to have this... I'm so
He is so cute
girrrrrl i just saw this u a sweetheart to ur irl tho, best of luck babe may the odds be ever in ur favor
I wanna go to work, shit I wanna get out of bed.
I want twins so bad
OMG THIS IS CUTE AS FUCK! CONGRATULATIONS TO BOTH OF YOU
Last night was so amazing with him I miss him already ong
I wake up early 7 days a week .
Every time in case you know comes on at work I cry a little
wait for my sis to come home ! I miss her ... even tho we ft and talk otp like 100 times a day but that count
Gigi sampai boleh patah seh wow how strong I got hit by my phone
Why do I feel so ugly and why do I hate myself
NO! why did I watch this.
Pafollow back liit
yie shet sana all
Excuse me we are talking about enjoying the moment! Those were golden moments with or without a damn picture
SOMEBODY GOIN TO HAVE TO KEEP ME COMPANY AND TEXT ME ALLLLLLLLL DAY TODAY
bruh I need you
What a night so glad my shift is over in 30 mins
Bye Bye Online For 1 Month
Thank U All Who Supported Me I Will Back After 1 Month
Look at niece imma be the tete that get her right
I wanna go to work, shit I wanna get out of bed.
tooooo early.
Thanks Boo I will despite having to work today
I want breakfast for once
I need another zeds dead set in my life rn
same i want to wear something I don't usually wear ahahah
man my lips tasting so good rn i cant stop licking
Sometime i just be wanting some me time
Yo these cramps are really about to kill my ass
Hate morning shifts , I just wanna sleep in
would think I can sleep in on Sundays at least
This shut
this the cutest thing I ever seen
Happy belated pretty girl!!! You angel you
I need to get a new ventolin
They barely revive
Seat warmers clutch man
On me
Why do I always get so smashed just be normal
I was talking about this place I need to catch that flight for this
Cmon
Je te hais
I just want to see Brother Nature and Steve family together with animals
I woke up too early
idk wtf that is to even try it .
This frontal is soft and thick but I wish the lace was thinner.
everyone replying about lah ti dar
The amount of shit that comes out my mouth when am drunk is a joke can I just hide in a box plz
It's literally freezing and I'm not ready for this winter bs
But Lebron see anything
I love October but this has been one of the longest months ever
I use to do this
I lied cause im still starring at the pill on my hand
this hotel cold is a different type of cold
God wants me to be with a lightskin man because he keep sending them my way
When I tell I feel like my soul has been snatched from my body I really mean that. My ass is sick sick
butuh moodboaster
Could eat every day just cravin some halloumi with mash
All on top of having a sassy almost threenager daughter
Gymmorning
Appetite.
So the swelling in my wrist is starting to come out....think it maybe a little more than bruised
Going back home to finish up my homework this the hardest part
Koko thank you
That's sooo true, I'm soft for them all and for armys too, this
I want a family why is it so hard for niggas to act right
Can it be December already? ready to be in St. Louis
Like that clearly mean I need to reevaluate my life
I just want to be in bed
i hate this malagkit feeling ugghhh
It literally sounds like my child is jumping off the walls wait to move back in a house
Sitting here typing my essay that I thought I was never gone do
Yesterday Joss came in looking like a new ass female and something was throwing me off. It was her hair with her Mona Lisa looking ass
I wanna go watch the game at the bar but no baby sitter
Yomi come and teach me how to snap pishure and pose
What time the liquor store open I need this wine for what cooking for dinner
Alice is a typical Leo, she will forget to reply to messages but has time to upload selfies on Instagram dead
is blessed I can listen on repeat all day
mamimiss ko luto ni mama this coming week
I already have that Christmassy (yes I know not a word) feeling I feel so jolly. Spreading the
i wait tos ee his costume
Fuck me what a do yesterday was non stop boozing from half 7 in morn till early hours feel fucked today all for Leeds united was that
I NEED THIS LIKE AIR
I need some new gray uggs
Life motto going through it but alhamdulilah we blessed
Okay I need another baby
Nope
His joy he was trying so hard to contain it
I blew a tire on my way home from work Friday night so been having to use my Mom/Grandmas and annoying I just want my baby back
Nah he really needs to drop his skin routine like help a sisturrrrr out
That egg is giving me anxiety
i keep putting off the fact i wanna do a photoshoot. i have hella time on my hands and all, hair be done & everything
Playing songs on loud speaker in full volume because roommates bahir gai hoi hainomg itni khushi
bitches cook or clean
yas po bawal magkasakit kasi hell week my gahd thank you and i love you too!!
Or his hair.
Why are you making me choose between chocolate and chocolate
Missin' mah baby everyday
I really hate to feel played god knows yu know how angry i be!!
When too hot, stressed or on a long queue, I just start crying
i had a lot of pets
iT WAS 5
Bila kau asyik ke toilet sbb minum susu but you continue to drink susu anyway because you do like to drink it
Back to reality
this week will be the hellest of the hell weeks. lord matapos lang ni maturog ako ning pangmalakasan
wheeeew chile
If this couldnt be any more true
I hadda disown this sister of mine yes. How could you possibly choose pelau over macaroni pie
physics, why u do dis
.. I gotta get a boyfriend , I wanna go on dates & shit . I just wanna be in a happy relationship
Moving out my place Packing sucks but almost done onto new adventures, new memories, new environment
about to go to Sephora and Target. My bank account is officially ruined
have an essay due Tuesday
can franky wake up and make me breakfast
i need to recall back sejarah form1 until form5 because of this coming quiz on chapter history&poltics malaysia
ITZ DAMN CUTE OMG
woke up & got my soul snatched again
Showed my bbyfather this n he said Shit wrong w this. agree?
was in my dream lastnight, then I woke up
I think I like sunglasses even better, but at twice the price of - probs not happening.
okay but like THE PREVIEW OF EACH SONGS gets even better the more you listen to it
Mohae, Oh My! and By My Side
3 years ago since Home was released
Monday nanaman.. slow down po
Gosh even the underwear is balenciaga
I Be Wanting To Wear Tennis Shoes
Do I remain in Silent
I had so many weird dreams last night & I guess that would explain my current mood. Need to shake this off of me
Airplane mode for the rest of the day
omg my back hurts so bad
off today.. why am I awake early
The Internet continues to Win!!
What gets wine out
This is the kinda thing I want sent to me while at work
Do your thing bae get out of here
as much as i like bo4, they could've brought back better maps
Fucked up again
Why does the weekend end so quickly!
over this weather i done woke up curled up in a ball
I know smooth af i need an album
Tweeting endlessly
Jgh
really not interested in none of these niggas that text my phone
Ayden and this band music early in the morning drives me
Okay, trying code some buttons for my website I need help.
Yeah fuck that we need to get togther and fly!
Done
I wasted tokens and kept playing w the wrong team
My phone on 15%
My mouth ulcers are such agony. Its hard for me to eat and drink
I feel so naked when I wear jewelry
She misses the bear
Never felt this way that feeling before
Like when does daylight savings change cause the weather surely changed to winter
I just wanna sleep the day away
Lorddd My Husband Showing Out
Ahahah. She did and it's not stuck in my head.
Iman keeps on embarrassing herself. Continuously.
That time she wanted to be our Miss SA.
Wow
Gayaaa pa dohhh
Surrogate mother agencies (you know, those rent-a-uterus folks) are registered in Spain as real estate companies
This is gonna be Upointe one day keep playing
really getting the hang of driving I feel so happy
But why did you use the same pics for lmxbeauty
UGHHH OVERTHINK NANAMAAAN
I wanna go viral mfs really like me but thanks
/ Stori of my layp
_/||
\ Searching for da right
||
ugh i love playboi carti
the best feeling
Ahahaha. She did and it's stuck in my head now.
but i am!! they're just testing me and doubting me! ugh
Where tf is everyone getting these Shane Justin romper from I need one
i love you so much
its my exam tomorrow and i really need motivations
Keep leaving my charger in the car
Need some rellos but I wanna go outside
Ye
Hope and praying this thanksgiving be better than the past ones
No idea how people say shopping is enjoyable
Golden chance! fails to convert from close range following some neat footwork by
2-0 (30)
Idk About Work Today. . . Imma Still Go But Shit
When he keeps coming down your TL
Obsessed with listening to post malone atm. Gutted not going to see him next year
Let me have sooomme
I am never going anywhere with these people again
Lmfaooo who did this
I can never sleep past 9
It's not the same but you're right I should do that
Honestly
One service. In & out da day!
Got my heat blasting cold af
me soportas?
There better be a dvd of this make it hard for me to spend all my monies on you!!!
I be up this early on a Sunday
Ah Yeon!!! And look how much better Taeyeon looks without her annoying 6 strands of curled bangs
shit
he makes it so hard for me
just had to touch my savings account...I was doin good for about four months
Please do.I missed a whole hour and so mad at myself
/ Stori of my layp
_/||
\ Searching for da right
||
This is the cutest thing ever
Sick asf this morning
When will I get my refund?
Non pas encore
I want some side cornrows or a blow out
been trying so hard not to talk about this but so ready for my vacation I just wait
Its cold
Is it 7 yet? I just wanna be at Not So Scary!
I fell asleep in my makeup
thenks bby
This porn. This is terrifying.
Does anyone fancy sending me some energy?
so needy today I want so much attention
thankyou saida for feeding me
so glad Diamari showed me this nail tech this my second visit & she finessed.
so jealous of everyone that went to see Lucy Spraggan
The one in front sha ... I pity the youth corpers sent to this school serving Nigeria and multiplying the
My bees been doing it for me this year. I need a new lip balm
Today consists of finding places to hide until I can leave at 1
The food was so bomb I wanna go back just for the chicken.
Ancute ng cover ni Moira ng We Could Happen
& Windy AF
Nak karoke lagi
sink that shit to de bottom of de ocean
My feet are so swollen and sore
Seafoods
i miss the stars... i miss the beach
I wish chill out
The Exorcist the TV series was sooo good. The cancelled it though
I neeeeed some seafood today
Everything in primary giving me an electric shock
I had it like twice a year when my kids were little
I gotta ask lily for permission to post this picture .... cause i really really really wanna post it
Thank god for everything really good
This weather tho ..... needs to be reconsidered
DI. NA. NAMAN. TAYO. NAGKITA
legit no song I love by
1hr 45
This is why I love you
I want some butter chicken.
I deserve this rn
/ Stori of my layp
_/||
\ Searching for da right
||
3 days ng super puyat because of time constraint.
I want some gumbo
regret going to columbus last night with everything in me. so tired
Mad I had to come into work while my mom is here
Yesterday was about YouTube and today is about us needing black hair products.. one woman just said I need to
a whole bop i really kill this song !
Definitely slept on my neck all wrong
, I wanna fw somebody but I like nobody wtf
I am a blessed mf man look what the beautiful lord gave me my in this picture rn
ch*nyeol really let me live
finally
I need someone to teach me how to do eyeshadow
nakakastress na 'tong research na 'to
Love is Lovely The devastation in is so sad to see Love the efforts I saw being made n the coming together
My head hurt and throat
RT Oomf could get all this
With my pleasure too bad because they disbanded already
i read this as in a jacket potato
want Friday to hurry up for sooo many reasons
Me too it literally felt so at home so glad back
He said just blow this whistle
Woke up with a really bad headache
Looking like you have sense but the opposite in reality
It gets to this time of year and I need it to just be February..
I forgot to get milk and ran out of syrup fuuuuuuuuuuuck
this is the most beautiful song ever heard .. you really playin w my heart
When u want bae so bad and u cant stupid fucking work dammit I hate u working. I wanna spend all day and night in bed with u.
another monday to face
day 583 without sex, an ant bit my neck and i moaned
Nice try Transformers are Japanese not Chinese
raining fuxxin hard
worried
I have one sweater like this. Panas doh even pakai malam. Malaysia's weather ain't cold for this
Y save bailar! looked sooo cute together!
Lol aww damn the struggle
heard so many of my friends with boys tell me how heartbreaking it is after the circumcision is done
[] Cisco lq2
[] Comarc Lq2
[] Microps lq2
[] safety lq2
This week is gonna be hell
i had so much fun last night
look how wide and lovely their smiles are
Fucking missed opportunity to put that on in the background
hyperventilating in bed right now hahahahahah so excited
20 hours time difference from someone you miss is a killer
Bitchhh its hard definitely when the first love
Only player who stop when asked was Kevin beautiful on he pitch abit of a knob in real life
Literally
Yesterday i told my mother i would cook lunch today and wah she took me serious
My petty meter is 10/10 this morning tryna act right
Fuck this schedule
can't never sleep when my baby leave
I LOVE this man .
Morning head would of been this morning
No, I'm sorry.
You this girl
To all the 1s tht used to follow me imy
this is how trying to spend my Sunday night
Strut it the fuck out BITCH
Me Everyday
Aint Stressing Ova A Nigga My Face Getting So Fat
Why I live there missing this amazing concert ughh :(
Sadly they only ship to US
Bout to get ready for church text me
men are the best
Full body workout wearing a pair of heels on a night out
I want brunch & mimosas
I barely took videos (so dumb)
I saw late because I just finished rolling up not even fully dressed yet lol
You hate talking to the only nigga that can fix you
Whole body massage pls
I have chapters to read
REALLY ZAPATA. that poor kid
This really hurts
thats why bigbang better not disband
I have what I really want rn
Reaching a whole new level of tired having to go into the office this early on a Sunday
still cackling at how our fathers and uncles get by well drawn eyebrows
im !! such a bad friend
Nicki Minaj Feel Inside Verse Never Officially was Released . Nicki & Mary J Blige Had An Collab .
Assassiiinuss is right... You get it for killing "The Legend" ... Sorry Bro...
I have that dilemma in front of me next Saturday
I walk outside and said yes it cold come on winter
Bruh all I wanna do is sleep today
need to wash my hair
Major craving for some sushi and wine
I gotta do something abt the curtains in my room they too damn dark hard as hell tryna get up
6:36 am and my baby is up signing his ABCs wow I love him
Tired asf
I miss skipping down Pennsylvania after breakfast, bud and more backshots. It was great. What shame?? Girl, it was live.
ugh work today
I pray I have a good birthday this year
...I want some fried chicken today
These Halloween videos r too much
back to being strangers
My Baby In Miami
Dam stomach hurt
Seriously, look at her
so ready to be off work soooo sleepy!!!
getting ready for work
GUYS MONDAY
IS ON FRIDAY
IS OFFICIALLY THIS WEEK
I DEAL I COULD
just the same with &
Suppose to be sleep
It's actually depressing how little I go out hate working ever weekend
I liked a video FULL Bikini Wax Experience Again | Im having a Wedding !
I did my photos last night, but you see my sign I realize I
been in like a month because of school and work
Pure Perfection
My brother and sister have stayed with me all weekend and now my house looks so messy
Ahhh childhood memories
Suddenly wants chocolate
I be eating this brownie but I want it
My sons a week old today .. brb while I cry
I just want people I just met to think im a lowkey ratchet just cause from Brampton
My writing drive is always either 100 or 0 there's no in between and i don't wanna promise something i may not finish..
me during winter
trying to get rid of the soumako shippers
Man I know this girl that does this like yes rub it in lmao
Lmfaoo remembering when I was on the plane a month ago and when they were refuelling this guy lit a cigarette outside
As expected Think Gronk has only had two seasons of being injury free
Just taken a hot steamy bath DM me for the full pic xxx
Jessica unnie is really pretty
a cute blanket. It looks so soft
Isn't it amazing I belong in the gif world
Tried to play the lottery for the first time today but the store i always go to even do them anymore is that a sign from Buddha
Currently starving and we have shit
i also just noticed my alarm all ada 5 mins difference....... why?????? ahaghaa pdhl fixed timing is 4:15am rabz
No mam! enjoy your trip!!
Actually cracking kfc so much right now
INI KMPRT TWEET EVER
I hate how much of a worry money is for me wish it have to control my life
I real live lost my job
First of all, my birthday Second of all, I want Old Lady Gang for breakfast
you so nice
I clean my ears every time I look at the q-tips on my dresser
Can a meet a guy with no kids so we can plan a baby
Confused to how some people can constantly eat take aways and they stay so skinny!! I need in on there secret asap
Can we please fast!! forward!! to!! Undas!! break!!
But why is it so cold outside
we all deserve a man like ian smirnov
so
I real life work all next week
this just set off my seasonal depression
I wish i was someone who looked decent everyday but i look like a dead zombie when working
I miss my hubby already
Mome key
Mah lyf so boring rn!!
this is too much look who's struggling yet doing their best to perform
No you're not
Actually craving kfc so much right now
Big headache 2.0
this is hard
Had to pull out the timbs this morning
I have a probiotic smoothie in the fridge waiting for me
Lmaoooo well I would too if I only drinking white liquor
man i wanna have a baby, but my life aint half way together
a few hours into my stay at and a disaster Lost my reservation, finally got a room
Sometimes we know how to end the conversation
Exhausted
Can I meet a guy with no kids so we can plan a baby
but I do need to update my watch not sure why I got it without cellular
been up since 3am... sleepy now
That's adorable. I wish I had a thing steam worked on
Me too... football, I love the sport
Is craving for kambing
dry cough
sis your mutuals ain't it
Richarlison
Been cleaning out my house all morning
Lol and they know this
legs are weak af after my gym sesh this morning give me strength
have no nails if i used regular acrylic
i have so much clothes to wash
cant even fathom how much i miss u love
My screen protector is cracked in a few places. scared to take it off
does anyone wanna play plato games with me
come on boys
I miss being home
I need a TWENTY88 pt. 2
There is a weird noise coming from my bedroom wall and freaking me out because been watching The Haunting of Hill house recently
I seriously need that SarahTieBackScarf in nude! Its too pretty
When I get some time we gone kick it
Issorite
U don go house ko
I said 100 Hail Marys last night to keep from throwing up in the Uber and charging my sister card $250
I wish I was there in the front row . I would of came home with no voice
I still devastated! Such an episode guys! I cry so much. I feel their feelings all coming together
the question of the year
Even a white hoodie and denim jacket
so cute how my dad sits in the back when they pick me up.
But even if the questions are easy , what's the point if I don't know how to answer it ficidkd two braincells are having a war
I'm really sorry ma
You look sooo young
Wait and are getting married on the anniversary of Raam Leela?! OMG HOW
had a Wagamama in so long miss u
Lmfaoooo I bet agree
Boyfriend: ya best friend and we living our best lives together!
Me:
Best weekend in a long time
47 degrees right now no wonder freezing in my room!
Mad Asf Imaa Miss My Boys Play Today Cause I Got Work The Soccer Game
not actually sure go in there last night but my friend told me too much for a club in Eastbourne!
Wish I could afford to do this but the train ticket pushes it a bit over our budget
My mom making dressing, yams, and macaroni and cheese. I wait to get a plate
I had an appetite since last week
I have a big ass crush on him
where is LOONA's old stylists/s...... wherever you are know that you are thoroughly missed by the Orbit community
Omg we so do let's try before the year is out please! We even said by the summer lmao mum is
Been bloated for a week now what the hell is going on with my body
I have meetings on my day off
Just gotta get through one more day without my babygirl
Jesus Christ
Roslyn why are such a bitch. I wanna go home
gotta fix my uniform today
switched bras lmao like damn been awhile since I had on a bra
Love a tidy flat!! ready for a nap now though
Nahhh lol like I cant even rock 1 of your tshirts
I think this is the quickest I ever got back from Br
agh yes
I wanna have my bby already
I literally love that shit
I drank an orange soda last week and my skin regrets it.
But it was so nostalgic.
My first night back at work after being home a whole week and already having seperatikb anxiety from my babies
I dislike small talk so much I hang out in my car
I need coffee and feel like leaving the house.
omg i deleted the tweet i was gonna post it sometime this morning lol
I just don't want to loose u again
my baby getting sick right before his birthday
Last time I felt a touch of a woman I had to pay for it but how else was she going to measure my inseam
first day of period is always that uncomfortable day
Looking good as per but uhhh why has he been dressing like a grandpa lately?
Man trying to get yourself to jog on a sunday really is the hardest I think my bed has suddenly developed an entrapment quirk...
Omg raiders are so annoying
my shit... and that was me last night
I just wanna go to billys rn I needz their French toast
trying to have my next baecation loook like this
Aint feel like wrapping my hair I slept sitting up
Missing the blonde My hair is finally healthy again & I already want to ruin it
attitude, smile, body, height, intelligence, and haaaair miss u!
i have to work tomorrow.
I need to stop my belly getting fat
I NEED A HUSKY
\
( (>
_/ \_
Starting was easy. Staying with it is hard
I need to go buy some water
He deserved that punch. Of all the women in the world it had to be her sister. He even said it confidently. The audacity
personal shots over call of duty
Is it 5pm yet?!
This shit has me crying she was too short.
I just want someone to impress me like wall-e doing the hello dolly dance for eve
please come at me already
I bet you chris paul keep his fucking finger out people face
bobby, grab the door and be like so we touching doors now? why you touching that door?
Can it be November already......
But so annoying Gabby all the wayyy
uh-oh, here we go again
I really hope he dont have me staying another night this hospital bed is so uncomfortable
guess craving for some samgyeoppsaaall?!?!
, I got a job offer that is going to double my salary. Double it I hope worth it.
Oooohhh I love this
Been fucked up all weekend tired
probably the worst sleep had in awhile lol
when does knausberry open
i swear dis is the cutest vid ever
Frankie. Because of the whole " what's the procedure when you have a gun to your head?
Have things to do
monday again ugh
I feel for you, I started traveling on Delta at 3am est yesterday too with 2 layovers
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MEGGY I miss our pregame Hamlet naps wait to watch you kill it at EC!! Love you
After 75 hrs I finally beat the game
Iman is actually pathetic
The last time I had that feeling was coming out of EMVM after Mam or Doc Laranjos exam nmat ano na Part 2
My WhatsApp aff spoil again, the message will not deliver
ff to sunday miss u na love huhu
Siargao please
Dammmnnn like why you snapping and to think i was just suppose to drive you home
hunting season so my boo is never home
How do people not sit on the couch and cuddle their dog how do you make them just sit on the floor and stare at you
One more night
yes
FINALLY . i get a free sunday to go to church
think ever been so hungover in all my life, my brain feels like tryna escape
Waking up 10 mins too late to change out of my lineup
monsta x and stray kids will be the cause of my death
The XS max is fucking huge feels like I have a damn tablet !
Hella forgot Bart open til 8 so here goes $80 out my pockets Why concord gotta be so damn far from sfo
How do man like this even get girls in the first place? things in mind be doing the fuckin neek
Remember that song
I need a full body massage i went with Ray yesterday . This nigga goes to ling ling like 3xs a week
Last night I went into deep thought about everything
Only I would mix my drinks never frkn again lmaoooo
Breathing hot air
Today only???
brick outside
that text link you had in your insta bio
I need a massage my body is aching
I need a bomb ass back massage
ahahah yes it is one of my fave plates, ok girl jump in come over
Breakfast ; pizza bye
windy asf
Unfortunately, we will not be restocking the Ombre Seamless. Apologies for any disappointment caused
He was so little they grow up too damn fast!!
Last summer, I woke up to breakfast pretty much every single day . Oh how I miss it
i love because he is kang danielhe is daniel what can you not love about him everything
see your age mate, not going wasting time. I wanna be a chief bridesmaid hurry up
We are hosting a football party and I lift my head off my pillow...someone come clean my house
seriously Banri you would make so much
if he ever did rerelease them I would absolutely buy 3 montsunas..... wheezes
Getting ready to go run
I barely texted anybody back lastnight , I forgot
that yeezy link you had in your insta bio
Need a new job so I can actually afford my insurance
EH BAKIT ANG SWEET HAHSHSHAHSHA LOVE THIS PERSON TALAGA :(
Been driving almost 10 years and I even put myself through manual labour
TIDAK SOPAN
Two months for me we getting up there
Vice got all my hoe partners
Bruv I thought the shit said til I seen this mf walking roun wit a whole wtf
the fact that he poses and everything
I hate that I get soo attached. Lawwd make my heart cold again please
Record her
legit going to miss my dogs more than anything when gone gonna be soooo hard saying goodbye to then
Happy 30th!! old. I think known you for almost 10 years now hope you enjoy your day!!
damn, its time to go to work again tomorrow
Just been told we need to reverse onto the ferry... what kind of sick joke is this
Getting pissed off cos I still have anyone to spend with
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MEGGY I miss our pregame Hamlet naps wait to watch you kill it at EC!! Love you
I wakt to get my own house, so I can get Ty & all my nephews I be missing them
how did they think that was a good idea lol
I need somebody to relieve my headache
thank you sm
meant to be with somebody musically talented the ultimate hype girlfriend Keyshia
And i hate waiting on people to take me places im so use to getting up and going
This shit really fucked up I never thought huncho tho
the fact that he poses is everything
not to sound like a baby but... i miss my parents i have so much fun with them
This train is chocka. Can't be arsed with this
Show me yo love
This wind is disrespectful
Them niggas been slobbing on niggas knobs to get in the game
disappointed we forgot
I want some breakfast
Performance task
Surprise Quiz
Long test
Shooting
Research
Group project
Editing
REVIEW!
Isa isa lang oh! Maawa naman kayo!
I wish my smoothie spot hurry & open up I need some energy
i organized the breast cancer walk for my work, and trying to find every possible reason to not go today.
I think dealing with a psychopath got to tread carefully
December Avenue
Walmart trip early
_introvertfeelings with get_repost
Hate it -
-
-
-
-
-
Please follow _introvertfeelings
in so much pain
Tomorrow is my first day off in 21 days Finally time to look and FEEL alive again
This thing is
so tired
Bro send me this
Swear my Xbox works fine one day and the next it just even boot up...
a hard one
omg just listened to i am you its so good
Lupa rating dmn. Dah gt mrk bikin ampe 3 sequel lmao when will they learn
When your not happy anymore
Aw man what a boring game
Yasss this breaks my heart every year
so ready for everything to fall in place
He's so damn beautiful mom. How can he be THIS beautiful???
I have never felt pain like tricep post gym pain agony
In a mood to kiss
Skin and makeup flawless
look at this cute mochi
Ugh omg he sounds so nice
My Baby Been Sleep Since 10:40 LastNight And Still Sleep
ALSHSKAKA YOUR REACTION I MISS THE R1 TITA
Omg fr n I wanted to see it bad as hell lol
a whole fiance
My brows used to be boxy af & I used to use black looking crazy as hell
It's not on in NYC!! Thwy have the football game from Wembley on. They didn't even think to
my last day of freedom so if I move it end.
Shit.... my Jupiter is in Leo. And I have a relationship with my father.
All I keep thinking about going to ruin my day
Is he saying ?? you know Im joe with anything that has my name in it
Craving for Bruschetta at this hour
i really thought i would get a break from hair today soooo tired
Hopefully this body wash help me sleep I gotta go right back to work
I want one I wait to purchase mine
Omg
Aww thanks for the assurance I know imma be good... just tough to swallow at times... I
Real halloween is 26-30 Oct in which i have 3 midterms, my IELTS and 5 application deadlines spooky
I need platform heels to complete my look
I swear my car be getting away from me I have to tap the pedal lightly
It was excellent but yerr. Beef can miss me a bit
I hit the wrong vote I meant to click it happened again.
Lord so thankful to have a Older sister like Keosha
Least he punch and run cross court
No female presence bother me....
You noticing every little like every little every view Every comment.. that
Candles .
gOD I know I certainly would
you'd have to scrape me off the floors
admit it easy baby gone take a minute
Every time i go out of town that food have my ass glued to the
i gave up on making this a personal account
another ARMY accout? LET'S GET IT!
waiting for him to dye his hair though
Damn yesterday showed me big single I was bored af
Omg. I mean to, but I am literally screaming at this.
My type of skint is "I have 23p in my bank"
Imagine what gonna be like in another 5 years
I want a Big big meal Today but ion wanna cook
DONE
My whole body is sour bruh
Washed my hair, conditioning, hair mask and some serum semua then my bf decided ajak go out and exercise
Just renewed my Hulu subscription and Daredevil season 3 is up on Netflix My first world problems....
We are gonna miss you!
Getting tired so easily lately
my baby start his 24hr shift this morning gotta get used to it
Getting ready to go run
Stop Suicide People
The hangover is real
Good thing these cramps feel like they are gonna rip me in half
my fit was so cute last night, I really wish I took pictures
Wanted to sleep in this morning.. but that seem achievable at the moment
Sorry na po.
Where are my babies
Shit always kicking off in the games I see
Let me try and make a hair appointment
Last night was soooooo much fun. But my feet and knees are killing me
2018 was the worst never again.
DO SEE HOW HYPE HE GOT
I wanna be lying on that floor so bad
Eyebrows tho
I love her
lemme icon my love first, i missed him so much
Kalami ba mugawas karon muadto'g convenience store tapos magkaon lang id ditch whatever im doing
My face really got fat
oomfs like this for a dm
No . Na just money remain bro
Doctor Stranger???
I'm glad you loved them. They're my faves
I feel disgusting today
I need some pop this juice cutting it
quite tired of converse making my feet look absolutely huge
that will be the last time, G!
a done deal
Until now i feel so useless.
Kissing my forehead
Ok but have ever kissed someone with big lips ? Them hoes are so kissable
I've got
I should have flexed Williams
I could go for a Coney breakfast rn
Bored subscribe to my page
3 minute Speech plus 10 column is dis patay?
I seriously regret telling my 7 year old that today is going to Sunday funday too brick outside
Omggggg ima be dealing with the same shit . And why she gonna be in my room, these kids gonna have me snapping
All I do is work this life for me meant to be a stay at home mom
Damn now fire the coach guy too?
The energy she has when talking about her passions
Only me & would go to a ping pong show/strip club & end up dancing on stage with our tour guide
thank you gf!! love & miss you soooo so much
I work mf 10 - 8pm but I have to get up at 8 so basically 8am - 8pm
Laawwddd freezing
Why am I up this early...
I am too busy to think of them Saturday but sundays would be the best
Lool yano he was stinking up da whole flight as well .. the fat smelly type have a certain look about um , and he got it
I aint do nothinggg ..always attacking me
I feel so lonely In a major wayyy
Imagine having to say
Why is there a programme on Sunday that reviews other programmes from the rest of the week
Still drunk from last night
I want chilis
That wine had me out lol .. but my body HURTS
Man what !!!
trying to leave DC so I can go pack soaps
Man niggas had Rondo arms when he caught the uppercut but they both definitely landed some good
I feel that siesta
Nah fr lol I got no juice left
I want some breakfast.. I need to get up
Came home lastnight and sat at my kitchen table and fucked up some & The Mermaid now my damn stomach hurt
Can red dead 2 just hurry up and release please
Withholding Nothing
We went out last night.
We both had to work at 7 this morning.
Chile barely making it.
But last night ...
It was worth it
How can they "painlessly wrench their heads off"?
Grown & leave my ex
coffee pls
My current dilemma like this
I miss my baby girl
My throat STILL HURT and on top of that cramping just sore
when I get to Miami I gotta shop
Time to get this long day started I packed anything and I still need a pedicure and my hair done
i miss u more, ate Chloe
This girl acts irrationally
And like this she would be someone's favourite character in the series
16. my favourite food is probably peking duck skin, tar mee or pan fried salmon
Pois
Yeyi the sexual tension was thicker than my ass
Because I be looking around like I could of been a hood rat bitch with a worthless soul
Borrow somebody clothes an tek it in
My whole body is SORE bruh !
Concert life is my life yes runaway from it
I look forward to the day that I have a little boy and spend my Fall weekends watching his football games
Pls take me with you
One week into Uni and already spent my first weekend glued to my desk working on assignments
When everything seems different now..why? I feel like there is something happening. But I don't want to know..and I don't want to ask.
tyrell Williams is an actual machine, 9 second 75 yard touchdown drive
Me all last week
LLC instead...imagine the burn book full of
I feel like wearing a face mask tomorrow.
Puppies, Kittens or Bunnies? Choose one only MWAHAHAHAHA I love all of them but I could only choose one
/||\_ rolling \ || \_
Somebody keep me entertained this morning
just wanna eat him up and let him blow my mf back out
Come to Ohio! We have another term of Sherrod Brown
On me but I stop
We have has our couch for 5 years and just learned we can take the covers off and wash them. Keep in mind we
i know we need to help her
I knew I started Tyrell Williams
I been up since 7 for no reason at all
Four-year-old is already wanna be baller enough he's sleeping with his basketball.
Which is cute. If we didn't still co-sleep.
2-3 weeks ago
BITCH OMF ME TOO, i screamed when he dyed his hair brown. I miss his brown hair
Idk if I should go home now or later
I love fall Football Sundays, hoodies, crisp air, comfort food, fewer children in public, etc
Walmart run was successful.. now to get all these bags up three flights of stairs
one of my friends come to netherworld w/ me
Baby you ignite this fire within me
I love how formal this is Look at all of the zooming in and effects on the wedding announcement
Mentally and emotionally tired
Auntie: gonna get pregnant when you see Kam in December
why do u ppl say things like this
Do we really need to submit a eulogy as part of our written work bish im sensitive when it comes to things like this
pls haikyuu is being overthrown by hxh as my fave anime
Sex is great. But have you ever stretched and popped all those joints simultaneously?
I can sing Jungle by Drake without music word for word I will never forget that summer
Kanang feeling nga wholeday inyo practice ugma
All I felt was contractions back to back last night
when u get older you really value sleep
and shoeb, aubrey, hannab, anu etc but my anxious ass
i love you u made my day again, i really appreciate u
Why r u so beautiful
no more Bruce Lee burgers?!?!? they were my fave
Everybody fucking on the same niggas
So nervous for the upcoming event this Tuesday.
Fell asleep before halftime and wake up to see Bae (CP) fighting I hate when we miss a crackin ass game
like Gucci Mane threw his whole jewelry collection outside. Burr
Seokjin with that blond hair and black shirt
Girl be feeling like you ate in a few days we wanted you there last night so bad cousin.
my barkadas are in a brief of collapse and i hope they're fine
Bebi vibe me like this, just make things official
Why are yall so talented?
The weekend goes by way too fast
Work flow
mad done with all the seasons now
Naw but I got some delivered to my job
who can link me to htgawm? I find a site anywhere
Fright fest and Vegas with the family needed
Dude please I will actually sell my soul for this
But why my Apple Music working???
I feel like slaving over the stove today. I gotta deep clean AND do laundry today as well
My best friend woke me up I been up ever since
Ingram & Rondo was NOT playing with them niggas & Brother Bron straight scooping niggas. - GM BTW
I have a headache
Why does Matt Bomer have to be gay?! He is so hot in AHS Hotel
Sweet sweet ni doc we need more people like him huhu
my girlfriend snapped me and i damn near died her level of attractiveness is crazy
Totally relatable
I want to be bothered at all today
Why does my dog always run away when I try to kiss and cwtch her? I love you xx
I Need A Vacation Bad! But I Wanna Go By Myself
Avec les tatouages la deeead
ugh so romantic
Ma Momma is a SuperStar
Exactly! I hate him so much
I wait til Khi come ba ck home today I miss his crazy self
Soo nauseas but I really want something really good to eat
November come on with my 4 babies
Sorry
rightttttt. still having to clean the nips
Ion know if i should go to deno Kevin bova or slim
Wawa is really gonna do this to me
a real one, yesterday I was dealing with my mama and the dealership but today Lois Lane lol
wait to get tf out of Miami
Between the race and getting back and forth I walked/ ran 8 miles yesterday and sore af
I wait till my niece get here
Mother Nature can go now, clearly not with child like got all types of attitudes & cramping like a mf
My feet hurting so badddd I do it today.
being the boss is so stressful and draining i think i need to go therapy before i lose it
tomorrow is monday
Can not wait to move to Maryland
BRING BACK GAME CHAT
Next time just tag me bro
Ugh these damn children
I just want my hair curled
Bring these vibes back
This is why I go out
Girl I am ! I really need to learn not to react to people not near my level!
Shit. Well, still gonna be cold but hopefully it feels a bit better than below zero temperatures.
Little Mix will be performing last at the Teen Awards today
My back is killing me
i cant control my feelings during matsujun and oguri cameo in hana nochi hare esp on scene
What the hell is goin on here did she steal somebody breast implants
tomorrow is Monday
Idk quien me gusta en Southpaw, si Jake o Rachel
Two days til my born... was excited, now kinda unsure.
Idk what to put on later
please
We need to migrate
I NEED coffee
Oh how i miss my friendssss
I love being loved on
I meannn ima still vote but they gotta harass me
cold asf outside
please reply some hanbin pics for our thesis hehe
45 degrees
bruh lmmfao my mans moon-crawled! this is
What the fuck
Uf.
I want to go to church
i guess my hands got disinfected but i wanted those hand sanitizer solely for the instant goofy rings.
ok juvia's place did not come to play
Protect this baby Jennie!
We all did mate....... how fucking wrong we
OMG THIS IS JUST TOO PRECIOUS
My current coverage is starting to piss me off
Ok...day 5 of being sick. Somebody tell me how to get rid of it bc nothing has worked
Someone get this boy some Coochie please
Good luck to us, sis hope zosan are warm together though
Did all this drinking smh Monday morning gone hit me like
Lil Chucke Cheese
It use to take me two days to retwist my dreadlocks but besides that I want to go through the ugly stage rn
my choices are either the 2nd or the 4th one sorry I can't pick between these both also thank
Trop chiant
No it's from 2012
AF coming into town after laparoscopy surgery is no fun. At fucking all. I need my medication asap.
God, send help we need him with this kind of outfit again
Let me not play because the last time I jokingly called a niggas dick little on here I triggered something.
pq q a yna uma anime character e she kills it every.time.
so tired but i can sleep !! that might sound weird
i need to hear this
So the hip hop club in Hungry was painful to watch. They dance. Also I see any melanin
Nak muka camni balik
missed you so much
Please
Overslept so not making it to church today
Put in some newer LED spotlights. Now I decide if I prefer my kitchen LED blue or LED orange Fucking
looking cute diamond
I roll up endlessly...really need to switch to vaping
Really need to get my hands on some vetements
if my stomach stop hurting i can go to church
The Lord know I could eat some steam tuna and grits on this blessed Sunday
THANK YOU i hope she comes to sg too!! Didnt she come to sg during her last asia tour?
Especially when your next to the one you love
BOYYYY This One F I N E ass mf
called turning natural, so good
My guy said I could bring for a entry fee to a party. I forgot it in an Uber AND my sunglasses
too cold outside and my dad was being very dirty
Of course I should have gone to Disneyland last week!
Scrolling gambar gambar lama ahh i miss my uni life i miss everyone
Ingram is the new Stephen Jackson jumping into some shit that got nothing to do with him
N dont know body from twitter no dis guy , u gotta take dat shit to Facebook dey get busy over there
Baaabe There was flooding in two apartments in my building so they turned the water off. Terrible luck I tell you!
Why do I keep meeting peoples exes?!? NYC is getting too damn small.
I've got so much to do this week it not even funny
So how long have we been waiting for the goodbye video
Chicken and waffles or shrimp and grits...i decide
take me with you
want to leave.
I have no time to do crunches or squats this morning
Ala lmbt lg. Mingru melepas this one pun sisjjsjsjss thanks qama
the nerves are starting to kick innnn
why does york put a midterm on a sunday in the middle of the day
There's a boy who don't know me well in my mentions. I'm tempted to drag his ass to the dry cleaners but I just came back from church.
ugly
Yep ! still whining over the loss Our Defense played well enough for us
Hate having curly hair
i had seen all the things that you have to do and -
Stomach on angles
Cutee~~~~~ hbsdfthwfuk small thing make me fluttering. Bless you watermelon jelly
I had the weirdest dream lastnight
Must be so nice to be loved
Nywe Nywe love hurts have u ever played Diketo and made "Kgame"
wait ang cute!!!
just wanted to take some decent pictures & my camera broke
Idk but i be good by myself i Iove being single ! All my money to myself
Does anyone else remember the vacationer bag by Sephora
please this is still so tragic to me havsdvd
officially old...my little sister has me blocked on snap and she told me
ANG CUUUUTEEEE WHDHDHD
Can someone let me love them??
Wow no faith in my man
I wanna work today
lmao Ingram ran up and started throwing hands like a real one would
I can't wait to play
Big crazy honestly
ya allah i hate this kind of feeling
Eyebrows lashes and gloss now
i really want a pair of hunter boots this year
We needed to be at church with you!
I miss my girl so much
I need to get up i have to catch the mall today
I woke up with a headache and I just want to close my eyes and go back to sleep but I
cravings
Oh man that sounds delicious I think ever had Hawaiian bbq
In need of a pedicure
im rl tired asfffff, back to sleep I go
Remember she used to make me a sandwich every time i came over?
SIS NAKAKALOKAAA
ok this is way too loud
I can never sleep in on my days off
But be worth it
I Bit The Shit Outta My Jaw Being Greedy Last Night
I feel like shit all over again
U know I do social media but I love twitter becuz no one is on here & even then u
Chi town, I love you, but why you so damn cold for?
I really had to crawl myself out of bed
over it
sick & tired of being sick !!!
dawg about time i give shorty her passwords back shit low key annoying now
I finally wait to settle for mines
Bitch i had fun ion wnna leave
Sunday anxiety really is horrendous
glad all of my friends are okay Dozens injured after floor collapses at apartment party
the power outages have started and not even winter yet.
Been having a hard time deciding whether I will purchase just a full frame canon or if I will enter the mirrorless Sony dark side
I want my hair done so bad but its not in my budget I need to be spoiled real quick
I been craving nachos a lot lately ..
I woke up 2 hours ago but I REALLY want a second nap
happy 1st birthday stinky boy sorry im not home to give you love ups
This new Jessie Reyez
going for a lie down
My niece is finally here
Driving gives me so much anxiety
I want a bomb breakfast
almost 9... taking my behind back to sleep.
Dang I had a real life dream my ex died and I went to his funeral w another nigga wtf is wrong w my subconscious
Omg where are you going? please say Toronto
ima go to church this morning i need it...
I miss you
When the band went to Florida I was mad I go but the wait was worth it
BROO WHY AM I CRYING!! I LOVE THIS I LOVE YALL!! YOU GUYS ACTUALLY MAKE ME HAPPY!
and fuck syuhiff for being an ass u can rot
juli is a walking cheer-up note lucky to have her as a friend
Am I the only one who loves it when he does this "" thing...
baru nyadar itu typo . btw malem hyung!
Omg why are sundays so horrible to me new illness every Sunday
That shit was not no tie ,Rondo punch that nigga with fist
Damn going to see it today brought my tickets yesterday
monday tmr........ so fast.....
Your father just called me and told me he is on his way to my hostel
What if i in school like this
back to college i go today
Ganito pala feeling pag buntis noh huhuhuhu need to deliver this baby for real
man we see anything like this
Get shit signal in port seton hun
Wish I could've went to NSU homecoming this year I miss my friends lol
I just want a dark room w a comfy bed and cuddles rn
It is way too cold to move from bed
I want some neck bones and cabbage
I need a new phone case
just painful
Must be a cat thing, everytime mine re enters the house she automatically thinks its food time
Let me not play because the last time I jokingly called a niggas dick little on here I triggered something.
I love them so much
Imma dye my dreads purple and leave it that way if i dye my hair again i owe somebody $100
Seriously needs One Tree Hill need a place I can binge watch it!
You don't deserve this cruel world
i cant be supporting that
got no effort to do any work today
hair down xingie is so so soft
Whats happening kwa relationshipville thou..yohh ha.ah.
I got so much shit, ima have to donate some of this cause not gonna fit at the old house
Every time around now I be soo starving
Why I stop saying shaku on the beat guys I actually stop
i miss leo even tho i saw him yesterday
Same and i can juss feel the breakout plotting revenge
im trying
not home , in Delaware
Why do I not have any snow at my house?
This is nice asff
I really thought I would get today off
9 years old my ass was singing this around my house as if I knew heartbreak
My kids got blue but i want red
thank youu hopefully it doesn't buffer as much
Mga 10% of this palang meron akooooo
I think I kuld love you any more than I already did, but I finally watched 8 last night & now here.
Kodak So cute with his glasses come here bae, no over here@KodakBlack1k I been peeped since transporting tho
Same. Which is why I still found one yet
Ion know wrong with me ... feel like turning into the old me
Doing na dis one rn but shit, its not easy and healthy.
sowoneul THANK YOU i hope she comes to sg too!! Didnt she come to sg during her last asia tour?
Tried making miso soup last night and failed. Does anybody know how to make it?
Tolong! Im not ready for quiz...
this cold weather needs to go
Dang believe this shit, almost all our greats are gone. R.I.P Auntie Bea, give uncle John a hug for me
I miss him so much
starting to crave this breakfast burrito across from my job every Sunday before I clock out like a MUST now
I will forever be upset about how last night not the way I wanted it to go and bothering me
Everything looks so good
I need one!!!!
taavi has another ear infection overrrr itttttt.
Here we go again
Richard Fleeshman, Cassie Levy, Sharon D Clarke, Andrew Langtree
Just on my way to work so I get to watch the Chargers at Wembley or the Patriots game later on
I only have the gel deodorant does that work??
Running on 4 hours of sleep and back to this bs again
I have been eating lots of junk food while studying. I am that stressed out already
I never want to be in a romantic relationship with a Taurus, sorry
Distance really don't be shit to somebody that actually wanna see you
ugh annoying how short some dresses are bcos of my height
I. Hate. Work.
university changed hamo
not blackpink and the same 9 songs
I can no longer sleep in anymore now programmed to wake up before 11am
So MN really gone try me like this on this Sunday morning
met a female as loyal as me, why single
Up for Church
underrated.... they are soo good guys
I expected every man to do his duty. Today of all day. You know how disappointed I was.
I need my hair done who make house visits
I think he gets how happy pieces like that make me
This soo me
I was so Fine last night
This semester isnt finished but i sure am
will forever be the shit
But why did I cry
bammie looks confused yet still handsome and adorable miss you bby
i miss destroying cars
if we get a trap album from onika, i want a trap EP. drops december 7th, the day before her birthday, with promo & maybe 2 features
Finally home let me clean up
I have a huge pimple right on the bottom of my nostril and it hurts so bad
Like crazy crazy? Damn she was my first tv crush
I feel like exactly how gonna be about them . just afraid of that pinching needle pain when they do it
Just remembered I have a chocolate bar in the back pocket of my jeans. scared to look
everybody inlove & shit , im happy for ya unfollow me tho
Imagine sending a snap back to people and wait for 7 weeks
Slap me please haha
I even watch the game lastnight i bet it was good a good game who won
I need some birthday cake ideas
all ever wanted is a pair of leggings
When ur excited about Halloween but Walmart already got Christmas uggghhhhghh!!!
my skin is so clear but this damn mosquito bite above my lip that I popped AINT it. my mom told me not to buss
And I told my boss, really see you at the funeral
MY MOOD ALWAYS
Why is this day almost over already???
Chile.... this was a hot ghetto mess, embarrassed
try to be a vegetarian like me
You cute tho bihhh....imma text you I want you to celebrate my birthday with me
Wow my feelings are hurt. the best part of homecoming
close friends is my song
like who falls a sleep after paying for the movie tickets
Ne-yo such a legend
I love seeing couples especially black couples
Breakfasttt was bomb afff
Here go bitches say this and end up at home. Vacation shaming.
age is truly only a number but i'm going through a midlife crisis here if you're like 20, go away
I wait to see face tomorrow
internet connection has never been this slow before
I need some shrimp & grits
Listen I was on my worse behavior back to reality today
I be trying tell this nigga you fool me better fool them viewers on instagram page
Just waiting for the right time to send it.... Lord pls
THE SOFTEST TIDDIES OF ALL I JUST WANNA SMOOCH THEM
why am i so cold hearted
Running on 4 hours of sleep, how will I survive
my shawty really the finest yo
hi what's up i'm rebecca
- i'm 14 & from sg
- multifandom !
dms always open
, Good Morning
trying to leave DC so I can go pack soaps
I just want to chill today but I have so much laundry, cleaning, and studying to do
If you boil the fabuloso why tf would you boil the bleach???
Ahhhhhh Do yo shit sus
Bitch. fuckin over today
Chris Paul keep your hands to yourself!
ISTG THAT WAS ME
I feel like he was only a hoe to get her to notice though I just wanted it to be him lmfaooooo
I miss you too
Back to reality again be back soon
True.. but maybe after we show them the perks i hope a lot will participate nervous for the outcome
Omg getting big already
totally not w a spoon
I read this tweet like could agree cuz like 58 degrees now knowing the coolest it been since like feb
My mouth be cravin' apple cinnamon iced tea
finally home
This pregnancy has my face really dry
I want sushi been like 2 months since I had any
I call and tell Malik everything I know he probably sick of me but me love him
diving right in my bed when i get home
How long did you friendzone this nigga
FRIEND? you??
Next month will be my first airplane trip that been waiting for
Yooooo mi nuh wah talk out the show pon here but Jah know this got me fkd up
Just want my hair moisturized and braided by someone else, but ima end up doing it myself
Just want my hair moisturized and braided by someone else , but ima just end up doing it myself
give me ideas, all about new things & going broke on food
T-mobile work on an international phone for me ... but a new phone is calling me
, just want to stay in my bed , feel good
how can u not love this man
I hate leaving my boyfriend when i gotta go to work
Hol up hol up come for all of us natural females we do nothing to you and we love you hair
Met some yesterday at the mall while i was at work they go over, you drink man
shooting for the stars when i couldnt make a killing
WHY CANT SHE SHOW SOME RESPECT FOR OTHER PEOPLE'S TIME, COLLEAGUE OR NOT
this is hella soft why am i just now seeing it
Pucha precious
Waiting for all the places that sell lunch to open might just be the death of me
Finished laundry , now im wrapping up grocery shopping. Thinking chicken Alfredo for lunch
ed who? i just chugged down a whole milkshake
Iont kno
Cold
i love when it get cold
Tngahhari tadi dia suapkan aku ice cream walls and his ice cream jaa
Until you find yourself 5 months post graduation with no job in your field of study
I don't wanna do this... anymore... no oh ohhh... anymore.
tired as heck this morning
Me af This lil pussy tight
Please bring fct into this we want Lagos n the habitats enjoy ur city ok?? Nobody
Gonna miss jj party today I gotta work
omg! why would u post this! too early !
Sleeping next to someone is nice until you get hot asf And then being naked make it no better
Waking up for classes after break is always the worse.
However, eating a healthy breakfast might just give you
jgh
In my best Indian voice: Just take your gawd damn ID and get tf out my store
why is tomorrow already monday :( my wkend flies so fast ah
My 2 little (puppies not kiddos) do the same thing. They have terrible separation anxiety
Okay, creo que necesito ayuda
i want braids so bad .
send them my way then sis, wrk g with your eye?
My therapist so beautiful
reconsidering my whole tweet now. Ion like abusers
I need 500 to get started on my bbl. Like to be responsible is no joke. I need someone to go 50/50 lol
He really was!
why is my phone notifying me of how many hours i spend on my phone in a week. I GET IT OKAY
Me too and how they did I was not expecting that at all
Carter and Cartier give me forehead kissing every morning Chris got them doing that now lol so cute
Skskksks sorry probably me that brought it up
I was thinking about this the other night
And they open until 1
one hour more to 12am KST. sleepy gjsjdjs but wait to tweet a simple wish for Hanbin bcs i words
Idk what to wear for work today
Bet he just gave a cop out yellow smh
Chanceux big
All the time I swear my future be on my mind so heavy
this is Kaitlin for sure. Except dragging them while shady
I haaaaaate water I try my best to force myself to drink it and lately
bout to pay u to cook chef lol
Nope I 100%need a puppy ASAP
bring that name here
good morning
you guys ever feel bad about leaving your pet everyday.......
But we always get what we want
10pm thoughts shoot
Lmao so real
My husband and kids are awake, and leave me alone! I just want sleep
I want some Coco Wheats
i want some seafood
probably the only person legit scared of Karma i was young.. please skip over me!
A lot is happening at ONCE. I need to get a g r i p
yeah, i done messed up
A weakness
Lmfao and even have an attitude
all i want is to hold hands with a cute girl
bad at selfies
.
.
(the filter hates me too)
I Asked God To Remove All The Fake Shit Out My Life & Now I Find My Chain
Squeaky bum time
Awww never thought of this always wanted a girl first
When are you coming back
I cut up so badly seeing lastnight I fuckin love you sis
PLEASE LANG PENGE PO TALENT SA PAGMAMAKE UP
Its already super busy and someone just straight up didnt show up to their shift....wish it were me
Only been moved in my house a few week and already changing my bedroom paper why do I do this
i don't wanna feel attacked again MY PARENTS!!!!!
never eat Papas Coney Island again
Talk about embarrassing. Last night we got down to 2% on Heroic then wiped I was mad.
Free data eh Iwit nako naka connect sa wifi
LOVE YOU TOOOOOOOO
I'm so disappointed in Spotify
I am not that old. Technology just advanced very fast
I just
The energy
someone meet harry and ask him which friends' character is his fave please
why am I crying? this is so cute
Idk what cooking tonight but I know I want pasta salad
i literally slept since 7 yesterday an just now waking up idk wtf is going on w me
Why is that so hard
This boy got his damn elbow in my back and will not move
Panicked adrian said decompositors instead of decomposers science got him good
2 years??? miss you so much
Hes spoiling us sooo much we rly dont deserve him
Seriously these pregnancy dreams are really fucking with my mental
why does anaphy have to be on the first day !!!!!!!!!!
i want jennie to deactivate her instagram comments
Please Me x K. Young
I have no idea whats going on I just woke up and it was swollen
Damn she fine
I think I have it
omg
Straightening my hair for that ponytail done fucked my curl pattern up
penatnya sekolah can this thing be over soon
My left cheek is swollen again
Right lol hate that
aww they brought me Waffle House last night but I was too drunk to eat it
My heart feelin heavy today
Miss my babe
Currently 7:03am and I slept
Soo hungry but too lazy to cook.
Somebody need to drop me off outta town somewhere
talking about by himself
Yes but all I have is canes in Kent
Jimin said, baby you crying and the proceeded to hug Tae
You know an adult when you forget the lyrics to Monster Mash
so tired
Back in work tomorrow. No time off til Xmas.
Nako Kath, how to have a body like that???
Uhmm I can feel something sa boots... Haciendera?
Who knew a song could make someone so emotional
Levi's getting all snuggled up on the couch with his daddy and my heart is melting
Look at my baby We gave her away
Morning activities
hay, such a baby boi. are you for real?
she does something to me when she get to rapping like that
He really has one of the purest hearts out there. (also tangina di kita maseryoso sa dp mo tangina hahahahaha)
I did! World has gone mad
FL neither clearly
I wanna be at work. I miss my stinky
Cabbage , macaroni & turkey wings for dinner going home to clean since Malachi is not with me
I really do love living by myself & being an independent women... until it comes to unblocking plugs GIP
that shit take you to a whole notha level
SAME lol I got two more days of this shit
Me last night
I refuse to look at this because I know mine is going to be off the charts bad
That mutual thirst for each other just hit different
he always go to sleep on me after lol ...
i am done w Twitter
I wish the Starbucks would hurry up and open in Clayton. Dying for a coffee right now
best feeling: worshiping God with the best people beside you
I just love this boy
Sadly not
like a cat. scared but ready to attack
Fritos for Breakfast
I even remember posting it
I want something good to eat
Standing at my best friend from school baby shower and realising wow I am growing up lol
Need a new phone
HOW did I miss this yesterday? My favorite Uncle!
so hungry wanna get up thirsty asf
I only got out of bed before dead
Really Feel Like Getting Dressed
INGAT CUTE SANGAT LA TU? MEMALAM POST SELCAAA
I need this
Remembered to wear sunscreen. Grateful for the little things
HAHAHAHHA MA MISS KO LNG GD YA TABLE TA TO KAG MGA TAO
I hate group projects
not this time la throat adohhhhhhh
I miss you soooo much. I honestly had a friend since you left. one of these days have to
so scared for tonight
My tablets make me so tired that impossible to be productive. I went out for the day yesterday and today felt awwwwful.
Not like I used to be
Birthday almost around the corner. Gotta start looking for an outfit and restaurant
I enjoy cold weather but the worst part is making sure you leave early enough to defrost your windows
I wanna go visit my best friend today but I wanna drive
Damn I really need to be in somebody daughter guts right now
i dont want anything to do with anyone anymore im so tired of dealing with these bs weLP
Promised myself I gonna get drunk last night.....
Guess who puked their brains out on the way home
urghh my mind is all over the place
why I wax! Shit is to stressful
My heart
Everyone keeps asking me when me and Austin will be engaged
One day your hair will wake up and say fuck you bruh
yatahh its like the 69th (?) time they performed kokobop and its about time we need new content
If it going to be so expensive, I would literally put all my clothes in the cleaners every week.
I feel like the only person yet to experience bad customer service from Hermes
proud of you lol that must be nice
In like 3 vids there is one girl screaming mad loud. Sis leg def got snapped or something
plot twist
So excited to be getting another dog and best friend for Alfie
Lord give me the strength to make it through the day
Creg said he wanna do nothing for his bday no more, and I wanna book a really nice hotel and dress up so I wish he would decide.
I know lyin!!!!
woke up my eyes swoll asf barely can see out these mfs
i wish for it too! its okay, more fun if we meet each other not bcs of work stuffs i miss
so hard to get out of bed when your house is cold
I even like you you want to go and make me feel this way
You dick
it feels so lovely outside
which one for instagram i am so torn someone tell me what to do
ed sheeran please comfort my heart by your songs
i miss eating at andes
Lamborghini Urus fire af
How I felt at the beginning of the year, look at me now heavier...
ready to go to work
i need some tea
why alot ask me to take bike license ?!? i mean how i wish i can
pls come back again, and by then, i pray i get to watch live
I gotta quit smoking hard ash but ima do it
how can I save someone if I cannot save myself in the same situation?
Up early watching this matchup in London.
Also writing a paper I should have finished this past Friday.
If you really know me my answer is always the same smh
House fever
so cold outside i do not feel like going to work
holy fucking shit
That was soooo nice!!!
Why are you angry?
I love loveee Tom Holland but man do I miss this Spider-Man
I wanna cry cause my man is all mine gosh what is this next level shit
I need to go back to gym. My body. Angsathandi.
I Love To Hear JoeJoe Snore
Airport on swole this morning
Missing my baby wait to turn up with you soon
How do people fast with their stomach growling loud as hell to FEED me ! Idk how do it for days at a time like to master this
The most frustrating thing having such awful skin literally have to do my make up to go anywhere
Lol come spend the weekend with meeeeee !
I really wanna see the new Halloween
I give up always trynna make somebody happy
ofc so professional but sure she was so stressed
samgyup or romantic baboy pls
bien paddy Connais pas
Yep! Same, same. Fetal position forever. Sleep paralysis is unacceptable
are we gonna see drunk mx this is not good they act how they act when they are fully sober gonna be chaos if they get them drunk
Think staying in all day
Every time I get sick I think about all the times pretended to be sick and think this is
I just want my tummy to stop hurting
Hmm. Ion think the ones near me have it
One I recommend but trying the nyx one this week xx
Whoever's trolling me just come forward and stop being a coward
honestly
my stomach not playing with me today
precisely
Another day, Another migraine
Bruh I swear I decided to cry out my feelings not my bitchass self cannot stop. I ever catch a break
dead falling asleep at the register
Everywhere steewww
I woke up sick asf what I get for going outside with my hair wet
How is he so fine holy shit
I just miss liking football I feel like lost all love for it nearly
I wanna get up for work
All that education and she learned nothing. Our colleges are in sad shape.
so tired of working
In love with your back
Unfortunately I have a car
Xanny family PT 2. dat bih Big Ralo need ah twitter acct Slyme!
I want a cute all black outfit to wear, I know I have clothes but I need something different *drake voice
Mine are always open too and a pain, trust me haha things fall left and right.
Facts
I want kisses not wink faces
Was my shit
ya MCM gave you his hoodie & it's musty
Everyone pray for me. Entered a raffle to win sox tickets for game
But pineapple is so good on pizza
a video on Facebook of young black men taking off their durags and they look so good
Making a murderer is frying my head they clearly had nothing to do with it why are they still in jail plz
Sneaky 6 minutes of xtra time
I am so ready for Friendsgiving
The US and an L
finally someone said it for me..
believable at this point
Houseparty scene canceled until 2025. Cops getting called automatically
I need to get in the gym
* French toast
time of the year when i need my gas pumped ima call ji
They done socked my baby
Dick 1 is next
literally been me for 4 days
this shower boutta be so nice
w havgmfntivrj wtf yall are so cute
Lmao I was like "this is so farhah" and tbh I'm so envious y'all have such a wholesome relationship
Aw, why would I kill you if you hadn't done anything severely wrong? It's fine, it's fine! This
this is the funniest picture seen in months, man i love nip so much
reading DMUMT as Dumty...welp losing my brain cells
And them boys hung 49 on em
11 h later n i see its no longer? Wow
Fucking devastating supporting rangers
why is he so beautiful?
Manchester this week for a few days
become very INFAMOUS in Chicago amongst the gays for the freaky videos I post that been shared everywhere
had this cold for over a week now I think turned into a sinus infection, any ideas on how to get rid of it?
Chris Paul is going to ruin my fantasy hopes by getting suspended
Last night was soooo much fun!! Shameful I passed out before making it to Origami
wait for this
Kohli and Sharma doing a soup with waste indies new
Jgh
I woke up this morning sad as hell and I even know why
i wanna be with my fam forever.
I need a son sun cause i know imma be a sucker for him
such a mess..... I hate my keyboard
Just wait till I do these squats for a few months and my booty is gonna look even better in them
I slept in and missed it.
Can you teach me how to do make up?
Me everyday
We even going to get a hoodie/sweater weather. going to straight from wearing shorts to thick pants and coats
cool dude trying but failing to get through this apocalyptic hangover. My DS has broke too you brah?
Been locked out of my Twitter but I got the issue fixed & back Im going to the pumpkin patch today so
muhfuckin tired today lmao my bed is calling my name.
Just my luck
good morning to me
Painfully freezing
Anyone wants to pick me up for baitkm baitna? Too traumatized to drive!
Go check him in at Joe Johnson bless my damn nephew ..
not gonna lie . At times, like why did I start my masters
Me, this morning & still gotta go to work
I wish tropical smoothie was still downtown
Wow sleepy af
Girl. Ever step on one of those things as bad as legos
I cannot wait to fuck my Christmas tree up this year
Aww must protect this baby boy forever pls
not on Netflix
never known stress like finding a birthday outfit
I want some breakfast
What are you still waiting for
I wanna eat your pussy till shaking what i actually need right now
i was going to say jungkook would be spiderman but he's not an avenger does he?
Fighting over a nigga is so played out.. have a dick sucking contest
Ballache with all of the traffic lights and that!
Yesss !! gon be none of
sawwy I watched the film yet so not that affected>< please dream of Wenwen instead
Will someone pick me up please?
Hopefully its not too high
They open up too late
My tummy hurts
Slowly still coming out of it but definitely better than before hope you get better soon! Take
Had to turn my heat on
cutting down on carbohydrates is gonna be so hard
I wanna play wit him
Yah no I'd always be triggered
This outfit and color
The state of these scousers with ket wigs walking about in the rain, looking like somert you pull out the bath plug
Lol ... video kamal thi.... btw baqi sab to phr theek tha ... ye ko ko korina ko to maar he dala inho na
who wants to go to the park to do uni stuff
( please rest and make sure to take care of yourself!! kahit anong grecente man yan, meron o wala, lab kita )
glad i woke up and put my ph on silent my shxt was jumpin last night
nO PLZ OMGGG BUT THANK U AA
Yeah Hais
YT is out to get us a cute song tho lol
Spooky and college has me so fucking busy it's ridiculous. I barely have the time to sit and cuddle Toto anymore
Hungry asf
You would look so divine omg
It's not working with me ..
I've been trying for one hour
I live in a perpetual state of sorrow because my love for my Queen is unrequited, but unrequited love is better than no love atall
my laifu without laptop is...hard OTL
Supposed to be going to the sea food fest today ion think ima make it
When Annie left Eddie and quickly found someone new apparently more successful... the pain Eddie felt... I felt it great acting
First time rsa ada assignment time degree ni .. baru faham
This weave been eyeing on wholesale naija better be available in December when i wanna buy
hand X Queen makes me so emotional everytime I listen to it
Oh They Said Hurricane Winds Today
Idk if I should go back to sleep or just stay up and watch the game
believe going to be 21 soon I still feel about 12
Anybody else start a deep clean on their house and then regret it
My wig for sera arrived on Friday. Of course, my head is once again too big
She so fucking fine
I still learnt... I never wear tops under hoodies
gone argue bout this fight all week it?!
kJ gonna make me knock him out pray for me
My daughter sick she kept me up frm midnight until abt 5a. Tired the word
Ok dah tak marah sbb Sayuty cite ada e-aduan and its so cool
Why Dallas weather cant be like this? South Central LA
such a babe
Omg I should have went I love him
It's Nasty As Hell..
I Gotta Remember To Bring My Headphones Tho. A Must I Listen To Music Today!
Craving a wimpy breakfast
London ni. moved back to London.
Ive already wasted 4 eggs
Only slept for 6hrs
feb needs to hurryyy
I need to do a bunch of shit today hahah ok not really just buy lashes and deposit money and gym but ugh seems like a lot
Just saw a brotha cop pull over a sista, come on mane. Nobody is really safe no mo
My whole body hurt
Life really crazy. One day you here and the next you gone
Yesterday was amazing and Karen looked so beautiful!!!! you did a damn good job
But this shit be so confusing sometimes
Class cancelled tomorrow!!
whyyyyyyyyy must I be sick
I would be there already if they were south of us... I can barley handle these Michigan winters
Hennessy wears her eyeliner like i did when i first heard My Chemical Romance
Mind chu I just got paid and I already want my next check
hows my child???
I only just bought mine
yu bitches going sneakdiss yall life away!
Yes, I know! Me too!
Ayden Real Life Be Wanting Nobody Help He Rather Do It Hisself Or Figure It Out I Want Him Too Be A Baby Again
Neck bones rice cornbread & green beans wish I had collard greens
Low key sad Theo will miss out on this years Halloween
I am so exhausted...
I have to go see Trayvon
& with or with out a baby life still great so confused
all the afiqah in my life so annoying
OMG please I need someone with a lot of sabr
i just wanna be alone i need to get away. far far away.
Omg thought the clocks went back tonight but it's next week fuck sake wanted an extra hour in bed
besok senin
Why
But eye bags dude you sleep even?
it locked on me for almost two days honestly think i would get it back
I neeeed that black one!
fighting for his life AGAIN
Its so cold in my house i cant get out of bed
i wish someone will come into my life and tell how genuine my smile is
Want my car
It even scary , just graphic
Dang I could have went to church after all if I knew my body was going to pull this stunt
And just this week an agent helping us find a home to move in to suggested Kelly Village, we were like no way
im late but whats with bobby style.. how can he manage to still look cool and i love their outfit today tho?
Damn right! She a Florida girl I mean she opulent have done a verse on the song <3 if she
Ubo + Sore Throat + Paos
my roommate fully wants to get his ass fired man just replied to his boss
in my feelssssss
My brother knocked on my bad room door. And guess what?
He's threw me an cockroach.
I hate him so much
so cute..
& Whoever holding him has some nice nails ...
Ready to start working man
I cannot wait to get my hair doneeee. had enough of my puff
I want my life to be so on track
Lmfao pls who stole his weed o
can you find us some organic coconut oil deals
SHE IS NOT TATTI TO ME
\
( (>
_/ \_
be the death of me
& tqvm girlies
cutest thing is when you pull away from your boyfriend in the bed and he pulls you back in and grabs you tight
What about me
I'm still in that phase and I'm 22, so I just find it so random
laying across the bed after a shower
I was so happy for ProVerb after his last r/ship.
bruh i forgot how fire apple juice is
i have so so so much to do & so many things due this week but zero motivation to do anything
FINALS SCHED:
Wed: Marketing & Orgma.
Fri: Major (finals&qualifying)
Sat: PE tas sinamahan ng quiz sa accounting.
who tryna go onna beach ? my friends never on time or not going in the face ass.
Tried to have a nap before my shift starts again and I kid you not Bentley literally rang me every 10 mins WHYYY?
People still watch Korean movies?
Nah that it.
I love thick women yal curves be lookin so good in thin clothes.
My shoes pissed me off so bad last night, I gave them away. Now up hungry with a headache and a raspy voice.
4pm face off. Everything's still open so no spaces
veronica lodge is my soul sister
How are there people on this planet who have no compassion
Me rn
I need an October baby!!! How cute would a jack and sally book crate be
I was stupid dumb slumped
- Tired Af My Child Did Not Sleep To Well Had Me Up All Night
I even get no good pictures last night, only a couple snaps in the beginning of the night
I got a little too lit as always lol
waking up next to court is a blessing
That was me yesterday. I feel your pain
Who wants to solve my headphones dilemma and put a simile on my face
Sis got cropped
Okaaaaaay this trip just came up way too fassssst
it looks so good!! imagine the teasers to be like this
I can see that but done it even without the sex
Damn right! She a Florida girl I mean she wouldnt have done a verse on the song <3 if she
Huh okay. I get it. Lead the way umair
they have the best nuggets
I need the whole everything done hair nails toes eyebrows
If only money can grow on trees
Cellulite on my arms? Are you kidding me? a girl eat her PC chocolate chip cookies in peace
This world is so beautiful wait to visit all these places!
awful
Kelly Rutherford age
Going to work on a Sunday is hard
I would love this more than an actual fancy birthday cake
Midterm grades drop tomorrow
UM POST THEM...I NEED MORE OF U
Damn October came and went by, believe almost November already.
I thought it was real but amen
Hamilton manger must be going crazy here 2 pens in 2 mins after pulling one back
Can't find words Disgusting
Yes yalll my girl is just
dammit goals
I gots to go!
I still need to watch the second half of season 2 of Miraculous Ladybug
Just me and my better half chilling. This clearly in Atlanta bc 45 degrees today. not looking
He put his headphones in I guess because I had my face all in his direction
I realised
Praying the jets win today because these Viking fans gonna get me tight on the way home
Hahahaha sucks to be us x
my gd heart
Stop reminding me that I didn't win this time.
so cold I really like getting up early to go to work cuz it b so cold
going ortigas tomorrow hooo wala nang preparation for interview
Can't go on twitter around my family.. Too much porn on my tl..
worked on a Sunday tmobile in a while
The spots I named birthed office, glo, Belvedere and venue I need that office vibe back frfr
after Tuesday I officially worked 13 days straight and a few doubles on top of that I have to give my off week a break
I need to see country grill
Sleeping with your boo feels so good
will u be coming down to Devon anytime soon?
it feels good as a mf outside
This old lady walked up to our window, tapped on our glass and stood there staring with her hand out
seen ONE preview so far apart from the fan cam clip of her messing up uwu
no need to think he IS a dom
I need some clothes
Signed Up To Go In Today Lord Knows I Feel Like It But Ot
Hope learning how to do a live too
some people in college literally LIVE off of water bottles just get a brita
Ugh girl that shit is HARD. so happy that your new guy is better. I hope so in love and so happy w him
My screen
when all you wanna do is sleep in
I went to sleep with my fan on high and woke up freezing.. I prepared for this
My night went from HELL to great last night and now toooo tired for work 5pm please
Omg it is so hot on this coach
It is soul crushing.
This month damn near over!
childish
Perfect weather to Sunday Funday
always good with you init
ONE WEEK !!! jersey I miss you so much....
Waitin for the crab place to open lol too early now
wow that was really snoop? this nigga look old as shit now
Finally
will this ever make a comeback? I'll try my best to save money if this one is back in stock
i always try
All I been wanting lately
On that note let me shut the fuck up
did really get dropped bc she had shorties chain ?
we dont speak of this day
when lil wayne said a negro so my open mind has a screen I FELT THAT SHIT
Yday I fully hit rock bottom...
Went cinema and ordered a hotdog combo AND popcorn
One more month till my trip! Lord knows I need a get away
The next two weeks I will be so busy Dance season is back
An entire year
never felt so useless until today. Galubog rako tibuok adlaw. Gurl anuna
No victor
I dont even know what to say
Me too
My body so sore I need a massage
oh yes. wish it a mission to cook
seokjin's lips are so red & swollen tf
pointing out how thin I am I do this on purpose po huhu.
I want some flowers from rosebox the black box ones....boyfriend
This how I feel after I get a wax
okay i definitely take back what i said about AHS
think any man is ready for Christmas shopping
What I would do for a foot massage right now
I want Waffle House but too comfy and wrapped up in this bed
that would be perfect rn
So I am thinking of changing my user
Lord, please give me more ideas of designs
His shirt is tucked in
I always thought he was so fine. he better keep her cus she fine too.
That kind of dormmate
I miss food
Yeah, I got that too late. I ruined your good joke.
I did a search with and...
I found more horrific looking things though
Welp crying
Makes me feel nostalgic
I never thought I'd spend my birthday in this much pain
There are some jokes bosnian twitter makes that only the diaspora can understand, and the Bosnian still in Bosnia get so hurt
I wish somebody would take me to work
Been Working My Ass Off A Lot Lately & I Gotta Go To Work
I Go To Sleep Until 4:06 Am Y Am I Up
i am literally in love wow my heart is so content
This is the WORST Sunday in a long time
I have to draft a combined summons from scratch
Mornings are so beautiful
i cry so much when i watch really good sports movies
i want shrimp n grits from daisy dukes
i want a tattoo
Auntie wa masnack
Omg be so down
i want to spazz about skz but we have exams tomorrow
Somebody send help.
scary
Shit im usually the late one
funny how i was about to put a caption on this but then i realized that they didn't need one
Italian is by far my favorite food
No likes
Its so cold i wish i dont have to go to work so i can stay in bed
son goals ..
THE DAY I SEE HIM AGAIN this is gonna be a gooood day
softest man alive
Roll up before I drive off and I look in ashtray and I already got a spliff in it
like can thanksgiving hurry, ready to eat
I can never have my moment
visiting this when we go november 16th and i be more eager for the museums
I was complaining that my foot was num I take it all back now this shit hurt like mf
I need to order some
When you think a space but a Fiat 500
Seeing a star is born tonight I feel like gonna need tissues
My mama kno over here sick as hell and she want me to take that drive to pick up Colin inconsiderate
A CHILLED glass of Chapman is precisely what I need right now under this hot weather!
.
Damn!!! The is not
Im exhausted....
on that list but the problem is another list that exist no one really wants to think about this
actually chilly in Florida I love it
happy I responded back or i woulda been in the house all day
Nah
Me asf I love dogs and cats
Aku ada celebrity crushh dooh. High teruk taste
Singing the English National anthem at a Scottish leauge game. You make this shit up man
People moaning about the food at Sincil I have no sympathy. You know how shit it is, don't buy it, then
did you guys know about this whole billboard thing . IM SO LATE THIS IS WHAT I GET FOR STUDYING
Bons tempos
It's worse cause I prefer the home cooked one
Really annoying me I listen to music and charge my phone at the same time on this bus
Gosh my melomanic soul
This wind going to have to calm down before I step out of this car....can this blow dry & curl last for a couple days?????
. ashamed of me
You know for the first time in months all I want to do is curl up in bed with someone with pizza and a film
Been up for 24hrs, last time I did this was standing in line for shoes
Can someone help me get pretty for this wedding
Having no money can really, really suck.
So finally decided I should prob see a therapist bc idk how much more I can take but so hard to find the right one
I seriously hate missing stuff bc my life is a wreak right now.
a take of picture of my look come together for the meeting! because I need a prayer and some coffee LOL
agshshs it's so early tho lol
I wait until we move this remodeling shit is so irritating but I like seeing the results
My mom screaming ihop I even eat from there
Sadly they will suck back up as soon as trump tells him to shut up
sick and tired of being sick can i enjoy my holiday without having runny nose in the morning and blocked
Yep Its 39 out rn
cold af but i know my baby gone have fun
Omg imagine the footages!
I was so busy yesterday, I felt like I missed a worth of content when it was only 12 hours
is it too early for the heat to be on? my heating pad not doing shit ... im freezing
Yep that as well. But not forget the brexiteer Corbyn so sure
Oooooh the nba was spicy last night!
today will consist of studying & tryouts & this project
a taurus acs and i feel the same way biggest issue rn is my energy is gone. thinking
soooo tired of here babies cry when trying to go to sleep Lord i hope i have no cry baby ass kids
The admin of posting old videos
Bakit ang hirap pasanin ng October? literally exhausted.
Fr tho I think I got to lit
Literally told this guy (family friend) to leave me alone before my mom beats him up, he flipped me off
tag moots bec i have close moots
so i wonder is shav is making chicken buffalo dip anytime soon cause up thinking bout it
I feel like I only got 2 hrs of sleep last night
I shit... just a little bit cute on some days and funny
noooooo, im at work until tonight
kevin is crying
kalian luar biasa gaes ailafyuuuu
The best place to be
32 degrees here I think we skipped fall, again.
Watching vids tonight the nostalgia
Everytime I buy clothes, I come up with something else I want to have
be addicted to my love ,
let me be your favorite drug
Me: *nakanta ng I'm not the only one* i know I'm not the only one
Tita: oh alam mo naman pala eh
Me: Tita eh
Tita naman ih
not feeling well but still trying to think religion
Proper hanging got in at half2, woke up still pissed at 7am been to get all my biggest girls birthday stuff,
Lol why did I take a break from weed the same week my country legalized? I wana smoke a blunt and celebrate
They paying us 16.50 on the weekends and only like seven of us here guess them hoes tryna eat
Stop it
Smh, man, and here I thought you were gonna try to find the shiny one.
Honestly, you're right. It
I would of throw it right back and said lie again Susie LMAO. God like liers how dare she
been to church in a minute and I really NEED to go
never doing this to myself
back to wake up hella early tmmr but thankful!
Sometimes all you really need is your mama during certain times. old af and still sit on the phone or text
cold es shittt
ala hoe chill.. we should have a spooky movie night friend.
Monday na naman bukas
Really wanna go to a pumpkin pTch today, but really need to finish unpacking my apartment
Is anyone else obsessed with Ariana album, Sweetener??
I really feel like getting out of bed
This is only the beginning, enjoy ever minute
Ready to book my flight this upcoming paycheck so I have to worry about it anymore I need to start Christmas shopping for Jael
Chief keef will make this happen everytime
back to waking up hella early tmmr but thankful!
Idk why I agreed to go eat breakfast when not a morning person
I think I can hear my downstairs neighbors bed squeaking. I am not normal
I want another pup
Feeling the same, had an early start of 5am today
I remember I use to have FEELINGS now then hoes
I want to go eat breakfast
Listen! willing to give you my bank pin so you can use my last 50 bucks to get yourself some wings
More terror reid stuff
I need coffee. I need it. Or imma die. so sleepyyyyy.
This man got me so twisted
just went through my old videos, they used to get good ratings
The comments
Anyone wanna help me choose my headshots?? proving to be near impossible
This Wind Is Vicious Out Here
Take me with you
I'm active but not for long, it's 1am goodnight love, enjoy your day xx
Like i wanna go , but why so far
Okay I love Lana but I front like this thought cross my mind when I heard new song
I should have been here with my scarf
Imagine buying shoes for this lil boy
the bread isn't even in the same area as i
With this bright OUTSurance kit, match officials are hard to buy icoldrink ngoku
frustrating.
literally no one wants this collab
I felt this
i miss seeing brett on tv every week
fav this for an indirect i'm bored pls
I wanna sleep na, but I have to wait for my schedule to drink my ARV pa
I wish i could lay in bed all day and get a massage and my hair played with
almost end of the year and yet to accomplish most of my bucketlist
I hate walking tho , but I gotta stop being so lazy
serious sis! they might get this .... glad we had a article about judging our brothers and
really wish I work 6 days a week and then have no idea what to do with the one day I have off
First time doing a 7am shift in 2 years i forgot how slow the time went
Went to bed with a headache and woke up with it still throbbing
Having a best friend who is just as weird as you
Tngna naman Chanyeol yang braso mo my gash
It makes sense that why would you wait for someone/thing that will not happen.
Everybody looked like they had so much fun lastnight
Mannnn I look good as FUCK This morning
Wish I had a boo to appreciate how cute I am today
Yesssss all my good players are on bye and i have all the same players on 3 teams
This oil-free moisturizer from cosrx is litttt but i swear the smell is a no no
tore uppppp over this pilot episode. I wanted to like it so bad.
I want a dermal
Lowkey wanna have a pre game but i dont want my carpets to get dirty
We miss you!!!
Anyone got any willing to spare??
some pretty ass females in this world
this paper kicking my asssssss
Classic me missing them by an hour!!! can we still come
yooo I swear I just did the same shit
I just wanna wake up to my baby every morning i swear im the happiest with him
I want some French Toast
I have to eat all my groceries today
Jungkook accurate af
today is not going the way it should. And only 7 am
Why did I ever complain about waking up around 9? kill to sleep til 8:30 every day again
Im so sad my last one came out.. that was my favorite piercing
Wait bitches pay for the entire trip WHERE!?
So I just woke up and FUCK, still tired
but then: "so hard man itell. MAMA!! ikaw na story *passes the phone to mum"
Rightttt T___T why did they suddenly suspend your old account anyway... You've been used that one for so long
A lot of people are hitting me up about this thread so happy I could put some positivity out there. I
have worn these shoes. My feet are stinging
tangina kala ko legit na album teaser na eh. pOTA EDIT LANG PALA 'TO
Literally same n I'm a sucker for anything cute n seasonal
I was about to cry cause I have an exam to take tommorow
Not up for debate.... Best cookies around!
BRING LUKE CAGE AND IRON FIST BACK
I want it
somebody with a private account is liking my tweets again but idk who it is because it doesn't tell me tell me
When Derrick died on greys anatomy was really hurt
Working these Sundays slowly but surely coming to a end! over it
Ure not the only Lerato please
I just need a day of relaxation and sleep.
i swear i have twt just so i could read twitter seryes
Bitch tired of this place!!
Lmao NO, still my baby
less than 12 hours
I wish I could lay around and watch scary movies all day sadly, I have to pack up my whole house today and get it moved into a storage..
I miss my baby
need you at the bottom w me my guy
Lol this hurt my heart
They woke me up
Sorry the old armando cant come to the phone right now hahaha charot thank u love u
Are all Tire shops closed today
Both im not creative
Piss off rangers and your lack of corners today
Girl me too
Feeling dizzy and so much nauseous
this is why i know i can trust jeon wonwoo he has such brilliant taste
Pure raging mate sick of being inferior to them
still mad I updated my phone
Just wanna eat and watch series
My skin is so bad and painful at the moment that i dont want to leave the house at all but at uni every day this week
Love you more , thanks babe
You and me both
Hm i really know the ratings, but Bazzi has already performed on Fallon and Ellen, so few options left
Both my favorite teams are playing against each other today. torn!
My family
I really want a fcking coogi sweater
hoping I come home to cuddles
Need to take my hair out
I want some shrimp and grits
hella corny when I like someone lol
My Sunday xx
When lil man stood up, I threw my phone and DIED!
My elbow hurts
But, Happy Sunday
I got a freaking headache.
i missed this ?
My mom is big support energy
She the real Queen
been off the last three days and I realllllllly want to go back today
i even changed my name to pride card but still everyone refuses to trade
Looking at handbags I afford online
Wait... game 7 is home on Halloween.. Fenway wtf.... I imagine how much money is going to be made at my old job on that night
But Edward was ALL MAN all 200 years of his life
Jacob was big fine until he started pulling
been feeling so sick since yesterday and idk wrong i feel like throwing up all the time now
I was finally gonna break record on the most sleep gotten this week and my brother wakes me up to take him to work fml
I just listen to EALL and then I'm out like a light. Stg that album is magic
Lmao...are the sticks heavy? I just want to check something
Trying to find a new hairstyle is so hard
Dear God help me with this bi polar problem
I miss it
Ber months curse
Fucked around and slept with my window open now shaking like a stripper
Yes! Yes I was.
Currently rocking a i5-6600 with the 1060 6gb. If not bottlenecking, certainly holding me back from newer games
I take that back lol i just listened to thriller and shit poppin
Same I miss it like crazy especially my partner in crime and Mia . Our bad
I finally cried and let it all out
all black fetes are the best bc i swear 80% of the clothes i own are black anyway
I want a chopped teriyaki salad
She like one off mines again.
When You See That Bootylicious Hottie !! Via
Great. Out with the boyfriend and he called me by his name.
Omg my voice after Lake Compounce last night I sound like been smoking a pack a day for the past ten years
Thank You God for another day
Where is this power? I've got all on mine. Cap sun
Idk either
I threw up all in boo bed
Someone close to me told me they are pregnant and I help but be a little jealous
FCK YUNG LINE UP SHET NAMAN
A man that can do both
I MISS RYAN SO FUCKING MUCH. HOW did I do this for 3 months last time.
Is football season over yet? tired of working Sundays
so dead
I really had my mind on Chic-fil-a but forgot it was Sunday
I don't even have any glow pics! My glow legacy will have to be in the
Babe wakes up early and she's a different kind of animal today.
2 more days and done
Chip and Ms. Hunter at the Drake concert is a mood. Me and my future snuggle bear
Seeing A nigga not care about you, as crazy as it sounds, is a stress reliever You showed me your true colors I
Cold af outchea
I swear if it wasnt for the 07/08 Celtics I be basketball fan now You tell me bout that squad.
Just signed up Naver though i totally lost in translation there Only for voting oppa at Yegreen Musical Award
Dawg! toooooo early! I watched like 5 times.
Been Patient Forever lol
Omfgdhd the squad is gonna reunite soon i missed london so muh
No idea going to make me feel better today like
I only work one part so that I have time to write. But I know once I move out of my house, chanfe
I have to get a memory card today
i got a mean ass hangover. not even funny
I need a blunt but I feel like taking that trip to the store
i was bent lastnight
My twins turned 14 today
will definitely watch Anatomy every day para ganahan ako mag aral
Sunday is hands down the worst day oh the week
Ready to go home so I can clean my room & take a fire ass nap
legal but i dont really like alcohol im wEAK thank you sm!!!
Fuckkkk I wish I had natural birth
I really wanna call out, tired of this
why they sell A LOT of CUTE sweater and COOL jacket in THIS HOT COUNTRYYYY
Damn Ralph got a collab with palace wtf jealous
im bored can someone dm me
Seeing all the help the different areas are receiving warms my entire soul
Nice to see the country coming together
We really soulmates everyone else either hated them or doesn't know about them.
Why am I still tired
I hate that I was sleep for this game last night
This 4-panel comic from sums up my entire life perfectly... Unfortunately
wait for wednesday
trying to pre order an LP and it's stuck at the processing payment page
i need mr ragaman, tell stories all abt ais
- I just wanna post this video already
almost positive I have the flu
my little ass was done last night once again
Smh now crazy & bold af
I've never been actually attracted to a guy before as much as I'm attracted to u
Your dog is so precious omg
Lol g shit
Spent the morning at urgent care, Strep A culture was positive. Feel awful Be careful out there teacher
taeyeon doesn't eat cds, she IS THE cd.
I wanna order so much stuff but I gotta remind myself Christmas is literally right there
Sounds like something my niece would do
Sitting in the car outside of work > going in to work
I want to start learning coding but..... holy shit is it boring
I graduate November 1st sooo ready
He the only reason why not that mad about the lost
Panguva ya Robert takamboita free twitter. now we struggle to even send or download images on WhatsApp.
All I'm saying is "ED pfee"
you I should be thanking.... hope you liked it
Hahaha not according to people here
SERYOSO NA-ALIEN AKO SA TOPIC
I miss seeing you once a week
bout start some of this homework
But all these niggas bout to get suspended
Nov 17-25th, right over thanksgiving
im so tired but i want to miss the live
keep running in and out of my liiiiiife
I miss the jersey dress Era
This day has been a drag
Dude I need to get into eating good , this fat bitch (me) needs to fit into her dress
Yup gave me 2 points
Woke up still high off those gummies. Goodness gracious. I hate/love edibles
I can smell the scent of this new home omg I cant wait for this!!!
I need my brother or sister to get married so a close family wedding to look forward to
I want some buffalo chicken dip
I had rode to chick fil a This morning , forgot it was Sunday so i had to settle for my stomach fucked up
can i marry on... jimin? jOnkz HAHAHAHA THEY LOOK SO CUTEEEE!!!!!
i stan the right man
a girl gotta do to see this?!
I thought cold and flu season was over? Not sure where I've caught this cold from. I've also been vaccinated so I don't understand
a must that I get another case
Kgope ddnt expect that
on it, then
My itty bitty has 4 teeth now
Taking my baby somewhere today... missed her
W/e my stylist whips up lol I would never do my own hair
Okay...but he so tall
Had fun yesterday at kings dominion but my feet was definitely killing me
I want sunflower bouquet for my convo
Stop confusing me one day all over me and the next day you distance yourself...
Why was that so attractive. What is my damn problem
Poor black clemson
Im exhausted i really want to go to sleeeeeeeeep
secret agent jimothy dun when you need him
I know who to talk to
I dont have any semangat to study for test tmr
Shid a vacation day!!!
I just wanna sober up Clemson homecoming owes me nothingggggggg
SO FINE
I just want my dick sucked sloppy
what a day to be laid up
Ugh thank you honey
I think I wanna cook for me and Aaliyah tonight so we can just stay home and sleep and cuddle and fuck and look
Back to Bramall Lane Tuesday night close proximity of Gary Rowett serious tackle
Shitty i left my wallet in my coworker car.
I feel personally attacked
I really REALLY want to get up
Hot Apple cider seriously taste like fall
I just wanna sneak a nap in
I went to fantasy fest, my friends getting drunk w/o me, punk ass hoes.
Sheep on cow onesie
I want to get up! I wanna go to work I just wanna cuddle in bed and watch movies all day why is that so hard lmfaooooooo
Huy gusto ko ice cream
TI AMO BY EXILE IS UNDERRATED IT USES SPANISH GUITAR PLUCKING
My stomach is really hurting
like
Lmao what was her name?
Should be sleep
i left my damn hate about to burn tf up out here.
Cant wait for Ranbir-Alia's marriage
I only have a few minutes before i have to get up
Lol winning and I want it to have what it wants
car shopping.
I want it to be Monday tomorrow
f o u r days left 'til i can finally fix my sht without worrying & doing anything related to school
Just Let It Be 4.. I Miss My Baby She Been Gone Since Friday Night
So the doctor puts me on a cardiac diet bruh !!!
I AM STILL DRUNK AT 7 AM SOMEONE HELP ME
that good to be weather outside today ... but it feels so damn good
ANGELINA LOOK WHAT DONE TO ME
If only we get to see them irl
I really really need to sleep but (my favorite) is on
I am so gonna regret this but I feel compelled to tag
done adulting for the rest of the year!
Aww my Bsf adore me I miss her and my nephew so much
Throw the whole day away
always w/ other family for holidays bc my family chooses to celebrate the day after
Thissss>>>>>>
2 days that I keep having nightmares of Michael Myers cutting my hand
Up for work wanna go
.. . I don't curse my gf . im a nice bf
Kevin Spacey is such an amazing actor, pity he's a pervert
CUTE
I slept so good last night
Not remembering a night is so worrying
If this is truly ending my heart will hurt so much
its windy asf outside and im not feeling it
What is wrong with me!? feeling scared
im tryna get noticed out here LMAO
we love a multilingual king
My body so sore from dancing going back into retirement fuckkk this
Drunk Pussy Is The Best Pussy
I will love you forever
Another busy day ahead of me today.
what do you miss the most about being single? Having the food for myself without that bitch stealing mine
no piss or shit is worth it to go in there... it was so disgusting
had Life on Mars stuck in my head for the better part of a week
Wow. beautifulstunninggorgeous. speechless. If I looked this good, I know how to act.
NOOOOOOH
I still believe my Twitter deleted everything. But showing tweets there. Whhyy
Yo wtf ..
i want his scarf
been up since 8 on a Sunday. gonna be a terrible day
Listen, I clearly wanted to die last night. Was mixing dark and white.
I wish this weather was year round
It is hot Ewurade
soooo tired of hearing babies cry when trying to go to sleep Lord i hope i have no cry baby ass kids
That was my exact reaction to what she said!
Also, I hate the way she speaks.
A straight up MODEL UGHHH
I feel my body giving up
getting you socks with the grippers on the bottom like in the hospitals so u slip
torture.
Yup, although I have a funny feeling his team is going to struggle playing against that other team
WHY do u have to be out here looking THIS good i love you
I can only have streaks with people I talk to on a daily basis other then that fuck that annoying asf lmao
Wish I had friends that liked Mexican music... I wanna go to Herradura today
Yes this man right here
handsome boi i miss u so bad & you don't even know
At this point in the drought, seeing him do anything would be a magical experience
Can we have their small interaction
Long ass arms seemed to get even longer out of nowhere
why cant you be there when there in november
I need to go for a run or something cause that work out Friday is finally starting to make my body hurt
The weather is AMAZING rn. Going on a boat tour then heading to T-Mobile bc my phone is super fucked up Guess getting an X
Missed that one
why it look like joon wearing a dupatta or something
Still waiting to 12pm KST because maybe BIG HIT will be dropping something
STOP IT!! I have missed my calling
What a trip
i miss late night conversations!!!!
taeyeon doesn't eat cds, she IS THE cd.
It looks so peaceful wish I could go there but too far
I acc only had one drink.. leaning rn
Lmfao. When you know too much
I text back on time BUT I love talking on the phone too
I wanna work today
Pen is just an instrument to write your mistakes. Who freakin invent that?!
Tired the word
so fed up of not being to sleep at night but could sleep all day if i let myself
why they make red bull into a regular soda without all the crap they scare you with?
choco mallows
Girl I Woke Him Up I Said So You Wanna Fuck Today Or Tomar? he Talking Bout Both Glad I Woke Him Up
I really love my red hair but hate keeping up with it . Should I dye it brown or deal with the red ?
I think i hate Sundays more than Mondays now
This couldn't be any more true
this is so me , like me & him be skinny together
go be cold my lil sister gotta parade in Birmingham
Need.
Q fomeeee
This is the cutest thing ever
This pussy pic thread is very gorgeous to me
OOF really contending for that number one spot in my heart
Awww my heart
Luke! say it so!
I just want my stuff from VS to come in already
I wish
I was super lit last night
WOW THIS MAN I STG
nothing makes me happier then my dogs recognising my voice on ft then going mental and searching the house for me 1 week to go tho
I need someone to roll this blunt so we can wake & bake...
Good morning Sis. I know the temps have dropped a bit there. Enjoy either one. Work, work, work on my end.
quezon high, field trip pls??
can someone just distract me and not talk about ad for one second please god im so sick of this
So lazy to do this ironing Sundays are always full of chores for me I'm tired
up early
I need to get tf up and go to church
Nigga wish these hoes was some white socks Mitch match like everything else , we don't give a fck about how
Lmaoooo on the inside looking out and stepped foot out there but what it look like
46 degrees
in the Christmas spirit already idk why I love Christmas
i definitely miss hmart too
I accidentally shattered my room window last night when I came home & now terrified for my parents to wake up
It has truly be a different and long kind of week
not the opera but HOT DAMN close enough
ah sunday, the day to procrastinate on homework and complain about how the weekends over already
they better in person
The hang over is real
Yes I went to DC
somebody please come wash me hair and bathe me. im sick
literally the most beautiful woman ever
PAYAH! SAMA JIDAT AJA LEMAH! BARU JUGA JIDAT! huwe
Look how photogenic joon
I keep forgetting I lost my debit card steady trying to buy everything I see. Maybe a good thing gone
start the bacon
my heart!! Thank you so much angel! I really appreciate you
Gia i never had you blocked something wrong with you girl you such a weak ass ex man ima
i wait to get to Nauri and niya today
as soon as i get off work getting in my bed and dying. last night has me exhausted
I was gonna ask if you were going today I wanted to go
Beautiful boy is a movie
Dawg this ramp the one gon have me dunking like LeBron
I want my nigga to be extra fine, be the cute one
You think playing, lmao I Sinful asf from 10pm-4am.
sbb gaduh dgn bf kot
Woke up to preorder three figures lmao. Anime life
Ian slept this long in a minute
Cant i go one day without a migraine
I finally slept for 8 hours and that shit felt amazing
It's game day
torn between the Boombox Classic or pelicans game
if only nightmareonrezzstreet came out last night my long study day be so miserable
Ready to do this with somebody son
cousin who works in uk is currently on a europe trip wish i could go there too.
I just eat and im still hungry man
I feel so much better than I did this morning
Every month I legit get new symptoms & this heart burn shit is not where at
wish I was home, I want some grits and sausage
Stg I hate driving but hate being on other ppl time when they drive
Jesus H Fucking Christ tired. Like bone-deep tiredness. When do we get a break from ignorance and bigotry?
after brunch coming back and going to sleep
Loool cc is fully trash. So glad I deleted it LOOOOL Amran, imma slap youz.
Is there any animal this man be a whisperer too
What happen to church
$600 for one room for one night, Vegas be fuckin trippin my money tho so
I barely drank last night. Why do I feel like this
Errr my heart
i'd kill to be on that stage
tired
This looks so good to me.
were you looking off when you typed my name too?
Have had so many "best night of life"'s recently so thankful
I am in here boohoo crying
Woke up to the WORSE cramps ever.
going back to sleep sleeping so good for the first time all week
going get Sierra something for her baby shower Friday
Endless cycle . How can we get rid of these *shivers* feelings?
...Now?? How about as of Jan 2017 more like
I love Viking culture for some odd reason. Whyyyyyy?
GOALS. wait until me and my mans lives slow down a little so we have time for shit like this until then,
Someone come cook breakfast for me I just wanna be in bed all day
I was being a degenerate last night
girl idk how you do it! same goes to you!!! (also good luck on your PSNE interview )
If I find a new plug wit some REAL gas Imma just stop smoking cause I feel like wasting money at this point
Girl she disrespectful as hell
.
Both Ahbriea and Rockii texted me about traveling out the country only 9 am !
I really need to get black ops 4 like this week
Good idea it is.
Dish it out too for me brother man!
Lemme just FLEX on real quick, you broke bois relate
it's really hard maging gutom at night huhuhu like gusto ko ng ice cream & burger ngayon
Girl okay.. now ima be looking stupid until Thursday with my hair and Ima bring you one tomorrow
They are so damn addictive you can never just have one
I'm so tired
I have class again tomorrow can I skip it
Save east like the perfect fine
My 12 year old nephews voice is deep asf I called my moms house and thought she had a new man
Right ?? I told myself no matter what streaming their new release tomorrow BTS really keeps us on short leashes
the watermelon season is over thanks Komo x.
My dads driving gives me major anxiety
I feel so lightheaded like rey pass out
i mean the bread getting on your nerves allah khair karen hang in there
My Lord I want to stop alcohol please make it easy for me
I know working on dates
Bryan/Roach campaign asked me to host.... but trying to go Buck first and show up late
She is beautiful!
and enjoying a full summer walker project finallyyy
Horrible
My feelings about honey lips
I hope not! get soo mad if it does because daredevil is actually really really good
Definitely feel like going to work
I know i said i going to shop for my next vacay buttttt i need an appropriate white dress
This period shit annoying af I even know why I got it when my Bc I never get a period
Love this
The Haunting of Hill House Netflix series is nothing like the book
This now made my day. Omgggg
Man i wanna feel like Patti La Belle this lady say when you been blessed it feel like heaven
Bae can't be treyway
I wish I didn't have to work so I can stay home with my baby all day
what is fellowship
why is your WiFi so shit in my area? Honestly just trying to catch up on xfactor without the internet going down every 5 minutes
Ron is so great
Isupppse to be washing my hair.
this is not Okay Ernie
I can't choose which one is cuter, Ziyi with Jeffrey or Ziyi with Zhangjing
Im gonna try my best
hanging on by a thread
Nu got me being messy on this Sunday morning
Jaloux
my momma just came in my room with some breakfast
sobrang cute nya sa header ko putek howwwww?!?!
Conflicted, adore Gael but really want Kyle to finally get that first title
Man what
I need to finish Fairytale
I mean give me a kiss
Sunday afternoons are like countdown to reality hate this shit
about to be the biggest bitch at Great America today.
I hate roller coasters
SHHHHBMB thank you but i get embarrassed when you call me a pouty baby
Like I literally am so in love with myself
stop na rain plsss huhu my back hurts like hell
Of course stay, and no not crying you are
I think autumn is having a sad dream because sniffling & frowning while asleep
so hungry. It feels like about to pass out and laying down
My hip hurt
Tim giveaway
i miss disneyland so much
NO JACKIE EVERY TIME WE DO A COUNTDOWN NOTHING HAPPENS. WERE SUPPOSED TO IGNORE THE TIME
i really started drinking old fashioneds.. because clearly i turned 60 on my birthday this year
Shower was bomb
I get to see you at the meet & greet but the show was amazing!
I want Dwayne The Rock Johnson to fold me like a pretzel
i need to go get my baby some shoes fr i been too lazy to go to the mall
idk cuz the brownie I had last night could of been my last meal
Jan ethes nih gemesin yha
Only a couple more weeks
I can smell the heat
Lucas is not cute so creepy and the towel is not treasure more like trash
boyyy idk why but this shit is the best feeling ever
I had fun
Some people have no chill
asking me every time I open the app
I want some Red Velvet Waffles with some Ice Cream and Chocolate on top
I'm honoured
Can someone deliver me an All Star breakfast please
Ah I see what you mean! Sorry for my slow witted brain.
this video never fails to make cry
capek gue nonton pd48 anjir wkwkwkwk pdhl baru 2 eps
Send a chopped cheese
Sobrang hassle ng new iPhones, mahal ng airpods! Wala pa ako Adapter for earphones
fuck this feeling !!!!! UGH ang hirap pag sobrang sad mo & lonely you know what to do anymore
Lmao same the first time I read it
the blue box boutta block me for giving out false information
i read this tweet to the tune of Spaghetti by the Sexbomb Girls
and I ate swell after !
sink that shit to de bottom of de ocean
THE LATTER IS ALREADY SAILING THO
This is so pure.
i seriously want to bring my stat people sa antique
gahdddd expectations srsly disappointing me
i'm fine but my car on the other hand... needs spraying
I want to smoke and cuddle today even cook breakfast too
LMAO
We help it
ahhh djsjsndkskndjd one of my fave jikook pics
Why is this sister Danielle
The best drunk!!!
Been up baking all morning
bop
Yh sometimes relaxing when doing it for myself but even then I usually have to psych myself up to get it done
Im hoping my mama cheffed me up something nothing like mama cooking!
trynna get my own dick tbh ya feel me
I be trying to go in on people but they make me
ready for all the christmas movies
Yoooo!!!! Sunday man!! Keep the sabbath day holy
All of them but if I really have to choose I'll just say Adrift
I miss my boo
Sat near a guy on the train who has a seriously bad head cold.... I wanna get sick...
im not ready for next week
All I want is peace and quiet but everywhere I go noise
Ooo I forgot some pizza cover down on your counter. Near the sink.
Whattttttttt All the feels i had watching it
Less than two months til I move from Hattiesburg. I cannot wait
I really needa get up and get khalee ready for tomorrow
People practice dark magic in public when they eat road runner in restaurants, that chicken probably eats other chickens
Stumbled on the pussy thread while at the salon shame almost killed me
Oh my so off keyy
She was everything to me back in the day
Derek. Of course! And little sister. Forgot her name
No trust or nothing??
my family is going all out for my first birthday already planning it
Missing my significant other
Reallyyy??? graaabe ano tayo??? Di na ba tayo tao?? we deserve some rest naman
whoooooooooooo who would thought getchuuuuuuuu
Watching this Chargers vs Titans game in London makes me sad that I go see Wembley Stadium when I was there
I really wanna go for a Halloween party but at the same time I really wanna pass this year
Need this top
this process of me straightening my hair finna take me a moment
I wanna grill but I get one
Sudden change in temperature and/or weather always brings me some runny nose & sneezes
cant wait to go or bahalag sila mama ra sa cebu or manila to go and buy miniso skincare products asdfghjkl so effective
no cap wings nachos everything
Wow I just was thinking that
I THOUGHT YOU DIED AFTER AMERICAN IDOL BRUH
he is a sub though
k maybe not all the time but
whoooooooooooo who woulda thought getchuuuuuuuu
My body so sore
I went over this house with a slight cold. And he went and made me some tea. I aint even ask for it
we so deep into this shit
gooo
Leah too !!! Like a little girl child be nice
Another floor collapsed at a party
You are so sweet! Dis tew much
I just can't do anything right
I always end up with the purse. No decision made
Cold weather and bad ankles go together
The film I breakdown for my players should show them that they need to listen to me lol. trying to help
Thank you kenta we love you. This is so cute
how the fuck does she always look good
So so soooooo beautiful tay
Absolutely shattered. 2 n half hours to go then going home to bed
Dirty 30
I look like potato and tomato tau. Tak flawless cam pompan lain
i want some jamaican food
Work at 1..
all these gender reveals and baby videos really getting to me
Maybe I can hide it at first, but once someone ask me about it I'll tell them
No puedoooooo
I want a promise ring , but nobody loves me that much.
after i eat sumn finna watch the last episode
I just accept it, sigh, and go on bout my business.
I need someone to be my Harley Quinn just for Halloween imma be the sexiest joker!!!
My fur baby is literally like a child in the am.. food then cuddles in bed until we fall asleep again
The weather is so nice rn
My whole body hurts
thanks. i try
I knew this day was coming so why am I so anxious
Swear all I do is eat
I think I finally found a guy going to treat me right and the greatest feeling ever
life always likes to throw some curve bombs at you you just gotta keep going
so cold
too early to be crying
I hate that such a light sleeper, wake up to the sound of anything small
I forgot busses go up the parade on ffs and on some random bus
I need to was my hair
Sucks but lately been out frowning people I thought I was growing with
So tempted to get 'The Colour of Time', but I have too many books already...
Massive respect to Marina Amaral
It should really be illegal to work indoors on a beautiful day like this
Does anyone think for themselves anymore ? really all the same
having the time of life with my next boyfriend.
at this point i'm like 99% sure dan has only brought his flip flops to india
you love it tho?
. should give us something wavy already brrruuhhh
Want to hit the the gym but not alone
not sure either
Work that fruit little!!!
I should be getting ready for church right now
duhh we stan
can't have Halloween without Hocus Pocus.
just leave this as the ORIGINAL thank you
It feels so good
Since I been Around my son a little more and off from work he has got beyond spoiled
if you have a daughter, please keep her hair did.
Right sale your own shit and if cute I will buy
I want some breakfast and also someone rubbing my thighs
Annapolis bihhh cold!
got a really strong and random craving for some fries from and
Shit like this only happens to big booty bitches
Going to the pumpkin patch today. Should've went yesterday
Gotta wash my hair today
i got accepted into my dream school
But for the most part I enjoyed myself in these Memphis streets and now time to get back home to my man cause baby I miss him
play too much
Oh my days man. What the hell are you exposed to faaaam. I even know what to say. Allah knows
so inactive because hell week sksjsksk
Make that 0-5 ....... and still around 15 minutes to go
Why is it the only time my cat wants to sleep on my lap is when I have to leave within 20 mins of her laying down
A.K.A. what??????? the love for Hobi transcends. Aaawwww now I want one too...
This here ! my type of dude
ok who wanna have a baby with me
On everything I love I feel like cleaning my room
badly want gelatin, halaya ube, leche flan and munchkins butternut
I need a little nap before work
Finding a birthday outfit is so hard
Osama finna come back from the dead just to tell you run the fade
Awhh poor baby
Damn I would have helped if I was there. hope all goes well
When she said her husband is boring, I just concluded. How can you say your husband is boring helang!!!
Today deiii the sun Dey burn we all
Craving for puto bumbong
Why am I still awake?
Bruh i hate taking pics if i knew it was gonna be a then & now pic i would have got snazzy
I only wish I went to Tallahassee because of the weather. Boca is too hot!
Damn, I lost my sandwich
I love that song! The first time I heard it I thought it was 3 different songs
The best feeling !!!! Ugh I wait
Guess be running errands all day. One week until I officially have a 4 year old
man.. thank you
so ready for my sweet angel to get here
why???? because it would cause rumors?
man I really like attention, leave me alone the fuck
I help it
Here come the want one, tweets
Can one of you wish me a happy birthday pls, all I want I love you all with my whole heart!!!
The weather is so nice
Episode 2 ended in a suspense way
miss you martha
Extra tired today
Everybody having they kids but where mine at?
Damn they too good son now I gotta wait til next weekend
Why he gotta be so farrrrrr away
Why you just Marry me She is so Perfect for me She so damn Gorgeous & so
believe me when I say I NEVER want to leave Mex, but Mr sub sounds sooooo good rn
not box out Chief. Issa Square up
I seen my brother last nightand Ian seen him in 3 years man I was smiling hard messed up when they let him free
The item I want all-day
Tomorrow FINAL EXAM !
Ahhh I definitely overslept
I wanna go to a Russ concert sooo bad ! They look sick
This man's energy is something else. Small play
I love spending money more than I like making it
Hayss
Well today is a struggle time for a nap I think
remember half the shit that happened last night, it was so much fun
Has anyone ever successfully unsubscribed from this adulting life? Asking for myself
Only thing I hate about consistently drinking water, is having to go to the bathroom every 15 mins
Have our legs open all wide and body in all types of positions
tryna make thick in some warm today
I know early , but WHERE CAN I FIND SOME BOMB ASS CAJUN FOOD ? someone help meeee of course dall though .
Mom, Do we have too ?
Nell & Olivia deserve
See now I wanna watch Queen of the Damned.
so creepy
when we finally meet you can
I find it very hard to watch 2 hour movies lately adulthood.
Dude even know wtf he talking about
Maybe i go out today! Maybe i would see Taehyung! I know he took the pics ! Kals stop dragging in bed
Im sorry but can i know who is he? Sorry for not knowing
SHE IS NOT BEWAFA TO ME!!
\
( (>
_/ \_
Idk What Color I Wanna Do My Kitchen
I had community service yesterday! I drove up Friday night for band practice and came back home.
SEE ITS THIS SHIT THAT HAS ME GONE OKAYIM NOT YET RECOVERED FROM LY: ANSWER AND RM IS DROPPING STUFF AND NOW
Wish I could bake fancy cakes mad business
Me n you both
I help falling for a well dressed man.
Thank you so much Hassan I really appreciate it
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH PRECIOUS
ik been dead for quite some time now BUT i just rly luv how fond jaehyun is at taeyong and vice versa
i want some soul food so bad
WHAT? I would have been so upset
Awwww thats so darn sweet
Puddy too good
I wish I could I you though
So I did the Color test and on their website and I scored perfect... what do I di with this info?!
i want some waffles so bad man
I hate being ignored
I was so drunk lastnight happy to wake up without a hangover
im late but whats with bobby style.. how can he manage to still look cool and i love their outfit today tho?
ugh their impact
me missing wookie
Outside is tooo pretty! Lemme throw on a bikini real quick
Thank goodness I finally have time for barre today
GOD said the woman I molded chu too be after everything u endured shall bend but never break nomore and for
My frickin neck dude
Idc how many times people call me funny acting do not touch me
Feel like jst nd the sleeping pills for make sure im sleep now
So shattered wait for cuddles
i just wanna see my jets play
op should've told him to actually post some selfies while they're at it
Ima get her hot wheel & tablet last those the big gifts
YUN NGA EH HAHAHAHAHA HIRAP KAYA MERON NA TO NUNG LARO PA LANG KAHAPON HAHAHA 1ST GAME NAMIN
I should gym it today
I know rightttt
I want to go back to ctat all. not meant to be out there anymore
Lmao what a time
The Great Gatsby is sad AF
The camera on the Xs bangs mate
Totally Agree
Is it too early to start drinking
it make you just despair
Just how many vile, disgusting, hateful people there are around.
Autobots
sad and lonely
I slept so good last night
Thanks girl
I smoked this morning
definitely not standing if they ask visitors to stand...
bouta Be Kicking Out $40 On a day to pick Riley Up From Daycare not ready
Of course.
Pray for me so that I can follow...
update my dumbass found out how nvm thanks
What?
Take me back
girls with curly hair
Let me find something to put on
even look tired!!
Aww well maybe try getting the headshots in hardcore? Also, anything extraordinary happening with the cube on fort?
Oh noooooo I did not notice how pixelated these were
It's okay I'm still cute
I really done woke up & go back ts
I bought da old head a refill on his coffeeI was spooked
Reached that point on a Sunday where questioning and hating everything in life
work this morning
Failing to function
Souther Heritage Classic Me Please
I spend entirely too much money a day, like I buy shit jus to buy shit
I with this 6s Plus man.. like just acting retarded.
Speak on it
be hungry how ordering 2 appetizers &&&& 2 desserts anyway, this is cute! Lol
Except for my me
im stuck on what i wanna smell like today between almond blossom, ylang ylang, orange ginger or pumpkin marshmallow latte
Oh she think she already
I could go for a big bag of sour gummy worms rn
Ehhhhh
I go to flex city but in Pasadena on shaver
So I did this crazy total body workout on Wednesday. Bro... still sore
so glad I have next weekend off omg
But you then have all the bongey
I overslept for church
Later later , after work I hate working Sundays man
early but I just wanna give my boyfriend so many besitos right now
My heart was racing watching this. I love water, but scared to drown
puts the matino in santino
Having 3 bathrooms is nice until it comes to cleaning them all
I just made a whole plan to get chick fil a... and SUNDAY
Ifkr met so many people trying to bring me down
My attitude stresses me out sometime just too much to handle
need my nails done and eyebrows waxed
Why is everyone including my boyfriend in Malaysia
Been so busy lately with life matters! Miss reading my books.
Lol I saw the whole video those answers were childish af. Made me feel my age
Im partying the whole november its my birthday month
I love it so much when he gets so immersed in the music and he can't help but break out in a smile like this
only on Sundays I start to feel sad , miss my family & wanna drive home ..
I GOTTA GET OUT THIS HOUSE
ikr i want to go but i have to
I had to yell at my mom to wash her brushes
But a bc just use new brushes . But I wash em all at once
Pink gin ruins my life
I allow myself to get excited cuz I know it will be back to 99 degrees by Tuesday
Ty
I want to call my best friend but 7:30 am their time
I really want to go to New York Sunday for Zozo Talk.
still shocked that the lead single from their 5th album got this treatment
OMG! How did I miss knowing about this??? Have fun!! Share what you learn!!
I hate homework so much
Lmfao bare fonela
I need a wig head & I should have asked for that for my birthday
I wanna sleep late yet my eyes says otherwise
I dont like this retainer
No way get prices and Hannon will sweep up
We haven't had music from her in FOUR YEARS
Gia who ever hated you in the first place you just so sad and always got something to say lmaooo .
It really does.
TARZAN
ty
I understand how 2018 and this sort of thing is still happening
LOL you hid the vodka
Damn Nipsey Hussel is fine af
I need massage backpain sucks
I just want to go to outdoor bar
Drinking bailey and listening to good music
Asun should be on one side
i work all this week, all early morning and one closing shift
I cant wait to go home
im so tired, i have to learn 2 chapters worth of lessons within 2hours
IM SO CONFLICTED RN AAAAAA WHYD THEY HAVE BOTH DO THIS DONT MAKE ME CHOOSE A BIAS!!!
been wanting white cheddar cheese & double stuffed Oreos
Of course there when at school
My son is gone & my hunny is working. Soo my house is lonely
Too real
Was hurting so bad last night I had to sleep in dase bed
The accuracy
tell me abt it huntey we cant help it tho ughhh
i wanna try these
I want to go to the Grand Canyon again
so pretty
Life
The Nonchalant/go w the flow attitudes that Libras have
I get enough of codiene
I have 5 kids to go Christmas shopping this year can we say Overtime me please?
I cannot wait to move and decorate my house
G herbo really with the shits
I be waking up .5 way up the stairs literally being carried by my husband
It was boring ehn
OOH BITCH THAT ONE KILL ME FR I used to miss SS texts
Like Whyyyy Must I Die On The Inside EVERY TIME My Shit Comes On
We out to city island today yerrrrrr finafuckinLLY
Remember to check for any work due this week for ML.
i want one so bad
felix who? I only phillips
Both because women end up being the majority in many of these specialties.
like pretending to be a potato but it wants to be sweet also?
wait for rissa to get here
lourve yourself
I see Ohio state got embarrassed
Not so good hey.
such a chilly sunday
Young Bleu- Slide Thru* Is One Of My Latest Favorites, Been On Repeat For A Week Straight
so damn cold
the only thing ! I miss my button
No seriously, why I ask for that
Das all
Hate to remind all of us here, that tmorrow is Monday. Ugh. The jammed.
my allergies always bothering me
Idk what going to cook today
Bol all plus God
Of course
Where is my period
is this gonna be available in mexico?
Idk wrong with me
once i get off taking a shower and going straight to sleep
not even 11
i need me a ice coffee
bruhhh that feeling when youre on the bus on the way to a fieldtrip then suddenly youre on a planet
wait whattttt never said no shit about nobody ovaries being fried who ovaries fried tho
He really doesnt want me to live peacefully...
She really said is the happiest day of my DRAMATIC ASS. First of all still my lil boo mama
I hate them
pay someone to do this paper omg
Wow I stepped outside & it feels like heaven. So nice & peaceful
Cannot wait for the day when my eyeballs are not in pieces in the mornings
I know how to forgive ppl
I don't know how to explain it... but you're dirty talking me and that's rare. So I'm a mess.
I want Walmart chicken
Brooooo to damn early
Why is my fat ass eating cake for breakfast I hate me
sucha new feeling
i used ti be able to do my eyeliner so quick! now it takes a miracle and 3 prayers for something decent to come out
Boy this my shit
skeptical about all the bodies been seeing since I got here now
awwwww ! I want one man
Ya really do tell social media all of ya business
so good
HE WAS DIRECTLY LOOKING AT JADE AMD TGAT SMILE ON HIS FACE
still in disbelief about rondo and Chris
I wannna drive shaker heights
They take selfies and send them to us
Joe Biden and Gillum is gonna be at usf but i have to work
A real bitch needed
So raw
That jungle juice did me dirty last night
Leaving the beach is always so sad
We went to planetarium and goshhhh it made my head aches so much that i still have it until now
weird to think I lived with my parents for almost 2 years..makes me feel old tbh
Because Windhoek is not just two faced but has many faces even
basketball my fav sport but i hated cheering basketball season. cheering football season is wayyyyy fun. only a few a know fr
Ma head hurt
I had these & Barney on tape
i laughed, then i cried out in pain bc my stomach muscles still hurt from all them situps
Ughhh look how fluffy his hair looks too
Finalyyyyy!!!! Home
Scared the shit out of me as a child!
Damn....I might have to get them. They just seem so convenient
If I eat it that much. I get pimples
I just wanna take a cute pictures today
anywhere between where I am!
Why am I still trying to use my MacBook from 2009?
me & tyshon she always say not it but still be driving
Shit I forgot I had to make this flyer I have homework homework
God took his time while making you
Malaysians makeup artists usually do that on everyone like, nose is different!!!
will really have you not just believing in God but believing he is mad at you
too early to be in my feelings
this 4 days off bouta be love
Am I the only one who never knew it was 2 of them ?
i really want to change my shift my work is 5 min walk n im always late, i dont think i can handle waking up so damn early anymore
(Baby) Luke is too cute
i love you two
know pain until 4 of your nails are ripped off
I have younger siblings, so I guess she and her younger sister took that spot but the demands are a lot !
Every floor of our house fire alarm battery needs to be replaced at the same damn time clearly ...these damn beeps about to drive me crazy
Yes please
It feels sooo good outside
can u guys leave a message on my dms i just want to read it when i wake up,, nn that would probably the best thing i will see tomorrow
When you looked at me I swear, I thought I saw forever.
we still was scared tho
I got a headache
I dunno What do you think?
this is why i love this bitch so much
Which is sad because I use to wear heels all the time
LOOK WHAT HE POSTED HE IS SO ADORABLE
Tomorrow is my birthday and I have to go to court all morning
thank you
I have to stop deleting my tweets
I go back to find something and not there anymore
This is real life crazy!!! Ima be paranoid
My mom party was a blast
I want some Portillos
Soo why does this women have a 3 story closet
When your feeling low so your friends play songs about being high
Oh god what is happening in the phandom
Bring back the codeine future back w southside
I was talking about this last night frfr been waaaay too long!
Haih lemah la aku mcmni this cina guy aa so kiuttt
I have no business wearing high heels as tall as I am but the ones that attract me the most and
OHHHH SOOOOO YOU COMING ON THE 24th OH IM BOUTA CRY SAHN IM BOUTA SEEE YOU
I want a bae
Who the fuck did I think I was lmao
MAN! mad cause I wanted to watch that game anyway but CP3 wild smh he that homie that do too
My fav video on the internet rn is the guy that lip syncs with his baby daughter
Imagine if he had given it to you lady, have
happy Birthday family!!! Enjoy that today lol
My son is 2 and not even mad he really drawing hearts
damn about to be a year since my dad passed away
This hangover is the worst
afta i smoke im resting all day ma body is exuasted
I don't even know you yet- don't worry jeff the killer is cool, I used to be a fan of him
So why nobody told me putting cinnamon in pancake mix makes the pancake taste so mfn good
Sayop pa jd akong na register nga load wtfffff how frustrating
been a depressing ass weekend without my dawg
Woke up w/ a horrible ass headache
My mom asked me to feed her birds that would require me sticking my hand in the cage!!! Nah, sorry
At work . I need me a blunt I wake n baked this morning
expect him to stop at some point, but nah it just increases
My girlfriend bought me this extremely fucking cute lip gloss yesterday &, I lost it
Right now, puking seems like asking for $1 Million. not happening I need to puke so my hang over can be a 4 instead of a 10.
These are real too
Get a new phone or book a ticket for vacation. Decisions decisions ...
Omfg you got it pooh so long
A biscuit from bojangles would be perfect right now
My son be tryna do some sneaky stuff and only 2!!! Pray for me
I am not leaving my room again too COLD
i really love monsta x
I thought it was just me
nanghagad 1 bot rn, fren y r u like this?
when the hell have i become so mushy and clingy
Creds to whoever made this. Get with it, PLEASE!?
I just want to relive my wedding day over and over and over It was so perfect and so blessed to have the
I love Cran anything
First frame is really me and it's not funny
Some things great at wrapping and other things not when I love to use the bill to/ship
My best friend are she owes R99
The weather would be nice when I gotta drive this long trip
Now if only end lames
I only got 17$ but willing to spend that on Olive Garden who wanna go
damn near need a fire bob
the fact he actually brought u seven pasties how adorable
why am i not surprised
No pics ion do all that
So snowing
Exactly
i even ghost my parents lol thats how bad my communication skills are
I be lonely
home sweet home
I want some hot chocolate
Can someone teach me how to make African food please I wanna keep driving an hour for It
I Really Cantt
can't imagine i survived my first semester without you guys. ilysm my 7 + 1 forever and never masisira
i wait to go back to school tonight and sleep 10 hours
so ready for this cover up I just decide what I want
I just want to leave this house
Update: I gotta mean ass headache
I need to go on vacation
My stomach hurts so bad
omg happy birthday gorgeous so big
Got my nose pierced yesterday and I cried
CTA vibes. Hardest academic year of my life
I wanna live like this
Why is my head still hurting
Aight. still in bed but about to get up and head out soon. It starts at 10
sad im allergic to red tattoo ink
Kumaraini kwangu kune mface ane chicken dzake dzinotamba ma clarks but if you take a video with your phone it will not play
I need some new uggs but i wanna spend my money
I live like 1h or so, near from Paris.
The weather here gotta be almost the same as England
I need a medal because I'm studying while having a really bad headache
every year we skip fall and go straight to winter
nah. i live on the other side of the world, philippines. but who knows, we could meet halfway! 2-3yrs to save up!
Why no Typo in Penang
maybe i should just be a model! I took some really great pictures ndiyoyika
Me too
Lol the kid is too adorable but sisi im nah readyyyy for one
Like the full coarse meal that it is
LOVEEEEEEEE. This makes me want to get mine done
I think getting sick
You know how much I am so fond of you ! Thank you so much Sister love you so much
my heart, boom boom
I WANT BREAKFAST
I love two spooky emo bois ugh
I was supposed to go to church today but I think Lesley still sleep
WhattheFORD!???? I only the skin.
Ive worked almost 25hours this weekend
Bruhhhh sooo upset. I been too hyped. We both missed out
Does when you have 60 bars stashed in your gaff
I know how you feel Tom, my tyres are constantly flat or need replacing
HAHAHAHA ANG CUTE HAHAHAAHAHAHAHA. PERO KUNG CHAKA NAGSABI NITO FOR SURE SASABIHIN MANYAKIS HAHAHAAHAHAH
when your torn between "reviewing" and "sleeping"
I miss you too Have yourself a wonderful day as well
My grandma made me promise that I'd start taking my iron pills so now I take 3+ pills every day that are just gonna make me fat
Not one ugly year this man is absolutely beautiful
I just cried bc whewww
She make it available digitally
Loving brother nature new teeth
For the unique taste road runner is in a league of its own
I need a lil getaway
when your torn between
"reviewing" and "sleeping"
I just wanna cry all night been getting up out my sleep throwing up
Freshly washed natural hair , best feeling
Ikr wish you were here
Hate iStriker esithithizayo in front of goal
Oh gone step for the
BOL - a celebration sis
Come beat my ass
I need your time, just for 1 day
yes pls own a black cat and attend the halloween party in a witch costume what do i have to give out
I was having a good Sunday aswell
I just shut down when too overwhelming
My energy level is 0 because school & work pero es la vida pobre
can taeyeon comeback in early 2019 just gimme a little more time to save money to buy that new album
So fine
I COMPLETELY FORGET THE LAKERS GAME WAS ON AND I SHOULDVE STAYED AT THE BAR WATCHING IT
47 meters deep is a fucked up movie I would never do that anyway
My phone keep freezing everybody texting and calling me, why I respond
Seriously you scared ?
once tried infiltrating the bomber jacket phase, failed miserably and i gave it away
I kno he gonna have a fit when I go get him from my cousin house
I have rice I think done for
Also having trouble paying using the code..it should be applicable to everything as per the email. Frustrating
wait for Sagittarius season!!!
NEVER drinking again like I believe I got that drunk last night
I breathe
how is there still people like this today??!! hope the woman and her daughter are ok
I have a washer and dryer at my house but going to the laundry mat cause I feel like waiting all day
And they still got more than OSU.
Lol this hang over
About to have mine
Now
I really be thinking everybody be lying to me, I help it
SO NICE TO LIVE SOMEWHERE THAT I ACTUALLY HAVE SERVICE
I went to sleep on Halloween idk if it was good or not
I love CP3 but yea g you deserved that
My header so beautiful son
Bfast in bed
my og childhood bff!!! thank you lila syempre i wont forget u no, AND LEGIT NA TALAGA NA HANG OUT with
worst than a kid agree ?
I hope so too. My roommate/cousin birthday is tomorrow so going out again tonight
give it to me like you need it baby
Nobody understands how ready i am to move!!
have you been watching the same footage been watching?
*yeaterday. Whew
Actually they have
Everybody was worried bout you so glad you are ok
omg yes put you smack out
I wanna talk shit in a car, at a bar, on the stairs, in a chair, i wanna talk shit here, there, everywhere
I think going back
I fu*kin hate that page
Another long day ahead of me
greys anatomy be having me boohoo crying in here
ima see if that work
After wearing fake nails and acrylic for 16 years straight over it I wanna start wearing my real nails but they are so weak & ugly
go back to frame one after using them
JK ist soooo omg : euch zu sehen (nice to meet you guys) and LOOK how his and jimins english improved
Like 98% of my problems would be solved if I stopped overthinking things and calmed the fuck down!!
I'm for real, I think akadzi trainer
One wish just to pay off these little bit of bills I have . They stressing me out
Downloading Khalid s new album, let's get it my man
I even have money to spend or not spend
We Are All
Ugly 2 someone
I hate pharmacology I hate pharmacology I hate pharmacology I hate pharmacology
I love your art! I believe I just saw these now. Anyway, keep it up! doing great! Stay awesome. Cheers!
Last night, I gave him a lap dance in front of the whole team. I fucking hate my drunk self.
Wala guys, marupok + malandi.
I like this whatsoever
Shit finally unfolding in a great way yo
I just saw this
who wanna come with me ?
It's so hard to pick one
BUT IF I have to Ill choose don't go
so ready to graduate
Caught A Cold Tho
This love thing is really scary but sothini the heart wants what it wants
real live tired af at work
I should have raised this generation
COLD as shitttttt!
right too bad i really have to find them homes bc i have too many cats
I even like pubic hair ,so no
get blown off!!
I Swear
first come first serve, have to purchase tickets through their app or website
my voivodeship has the lowest voter turnout so far
fries, iced coffe, nuggets hehe
bout to get me some breakfast delivered fuck this too tired to save and be responsible
Like stfu Dog.... I got time cuz
stomach fucked up . bruh a nigga is shitty im not even gone flawg
tired but I hate missing church
forget about them short send me riri
cool out on my boy
Soooooooo much work for one class only 10:47 and already had to chug a monster for the day
I love you more than anything
oh shit dead
ALmonds I love him
im getting my braces back
got December marked down already.. just need it to hurry up
me too.
got December marked down already.. just need it to hurry up
I was going to upload a couple of pics I took yesterday but I got shy
so far but we can meet halfway for sure I hope it happens, it would be so fun meeting you !!
Teacup yorkie me please
Morning backshotss now to have round 2 in the shower & get ready for my day GOODMORNING YALL
$40 n gas and 2 bills away from doin sumn strange for a lil piece a change I is tied boss
yeontan will finally be reunited soon with taetae my heart is happy
Are you sure you're God fearing like this the way you're tweeting rubbish
I need my man to be obssesed with me okay idk bout bitches but this single shit is not it
Birthday approaching and still have no plans
I gotta start eating more
Like uhhhh maybe sis just maybe
No sexual shit, just their presence
It kills me everytime like getting punched
do you have the series from season 1?
I wish there was some way we could make this happen
rather have back why are they disrespecting my man!
I just wanna wear winter fits already
My back
Stopping at Starbucks to get a drink then spending my day at the library studying 4 chapters for chem then hit the gym
typical West ham luck
I was TORE up last night My mama has never seen me drunk... until last night. Sorry ma
I'm the idiot fwend
remember trix yogurt
Taste ye nhamo ndoyaunoda kuswera whole day pamoto for
But why nhai asikana
Currently in a taxi n flying over these speed bumps .. give a gal some sympathy
Got brunch at 2:00pm and feeling run tf down and burnt out
Been to the pumpkin patch, I think you can see there many left for us
At this hour, still thinking about sushi
I hate bamya
Sis called you from her room yet?
can you get any cuter?
1 corner off
Is it too early
strong okay
Omg gonna get cussed out bad
I wanted to go to church today
Work tomorrow
I wanna go on a cruise
This is very edible
I want breakfast from tops
wait to get home and see ma girly
Honestly guys are so cute when sleeping
omg after this pregnancy I know if I want more kids
How am i barley going home
Why the so staticy so early in the season?
Hurt lock today after last night getting too old for these hangovers
Lmao just seeing this. You know my phone all tore up
Why do I feel like enjoy London as much as they enjoyed Paris ??
Forever and always Fuck that ab roller shit do know how hard that is?!?!? i get so appalled everytime i
okay, hello MNL again hello delata and noodles again HAHAHAHAHAHA
I can not sleep in to save my life
sophie hunter is out there being a cutie
I didn't know gore gao rate football
I need breakfast but I wanna go outside or drive
so bodied I even make it to work this morning
Ikr, I was shook when my friend told me it's RM30 also there's only one showtime haihh
I shake this cold
He needs to wake up so I can go to sleep on him
How does it taste
Imagine this nonsense
see beautiful places
Hurt locker after last night...getting far too old for these hangovers
Bruh I hope I can dip this weekend
Baby momma
Just touched a 105 hours
Like really hurt. Those fucking hurricanes fucked me up. I was off on the original day
I miss when we always best friends
Omg really expensive here it would be almost $90 per pallette
Cutest shit seen in a while. come gimmi my son boo.
FAKE PEOPLE , I swear I can't stand them
really need 2 do my nails
fuckk i need to find a costume asap
Its Too Much
Wooow I had a dream I adopted a baby and let me tell I loved that lil girl too death
Oooohhh yesss
i know, i know happy i still got SOME booty left
the curls
My heart ....my ovariesss
One of my main goals is to really run it up 2019. I fumbled with so much money this year..
I just wanna sleep this entire day away. But instead I need to laundry, clean, cook, etc.
shit
why is he so cute?!
Update: will be cheaper to just buy a new one than pay to get it fixed
Stayed out until 2 am last night. It was a good night but now hungover
Can Yu Go Live On Ig
mannn I gotta go to work & im already late exhaustedddddd I can barely move
I want salmon patties
bro i need a good ass massage my damn back and shoulder hurt so bad
I want breakfast
Somebody come to the mall with me
I hope it's okay that I "stole" your banner, I just want to hype that Playlist up as much as I can
Xingie bother
i have such a strong craving for grilled cheese and tomato soup rn
not even gonna lie I had the best time last night
Sleeks said he still know what accolades means
when everybody wanna go to Miami ... but I want this
this is so funny because you can physically feel kihyun was about to go off with them [also he was serving so
i got a 100 on my Latin exam
be you gone miss it once gone
I want some ham and beans so bad but my son like em
been gone for an hour and I already miss her
I was afraid of that I got work that time in the mourning
wish you guys came over last night
I super relate to this Hence I work pag Sunday night to have a head start
Headed to the cancer walk I forgot it was today
I just want bottomless mimosas and some bomb biscuits and gravy
Since I barely post on here
the lack of motivation i have towards uni work is an actual joke
I swea
been craving meatloaf but cool on the beef
Dysmenorrhea feels and i cant packing concentrate exam ko bukas eneber
I cannot see this kind of stuff...
one more.
bitch it feel like i need a iv i am dehydrated
What a nightmare
I wish I could have breakfast in bed. too lazy to cook rn
Woke up with a fucking headache today, my life sucks.
I worked so hard
Ganja Burns
Barbie Dreams
Hard White
Thought I Knew You
Run And Hide
For today
Omg so not prepared for my final
You and chels told me to relax so fast in Vegas I ready
up with this sun
It isssss its just the way I like it soft inside with slightly crunchy crust
Enough decades passed for me to still not cringe when I hear voice saying baby oh I
haggard and stress na sa LP pero smile pa din
Kickball is gonna be cold af today
first of all I been dm you and second i need one too. my weed man gotta gf an been slacking
I really love my girls I wait till we link again
We need to stop
I MISS MY FRIENDS !!!
yes, i see them in school but its not the sameeee
like i rlly miss the heart to
I want to get out today but cold
Drench my food with hot sauce
Day three and Vegas is really starting to catch up with me
Going to my first Jets game today in this windstorm. Mark is wearing his ski gear. I suppose I should follow suit.
Been slacking on my workouts
My boyfriend has been gone all weekend. He needs to come home NEOOWWWWW I miss him.
I really need a massage
Where is a sugar daddy when I need one? Come pay my bills and bring happiness back into my life if ur out there pls
wash your hair yet sis have a setback
Istg school programs for after pt3 is just lame as fuck,help me get through this please
This is definitely one of the most iconic moments in this fandom Someone dressed their cat as Andy
no matter what we go thur we always bounce back
Damn this sound too bad.
Permanently exhausted
That Wing & Rib platter from Butcher Block would be so nice rn.
My baby 2 months today photo shoot coming soon.
It feels good outside in Florida for once
my face is already getting pale af.
Sml Thank You Lord for giving me a bestfriend/sister like her. Lavyuuuu
I need to pack
don't leave please
But it's okay if you want to. I don't want to burden you with anything. I want
I want a big breakfast
Do know the bond a person has with the person they have children with?
I know I even feel this way
hiding mans this sweetest day I see
I need to sort out my eating habits and get myself to a gym
My dog runs away when I fart
my mom is forcing me to make my christmas list but idek what to write
I wanna go bck to training
All the females that been following me lately fine dab
Do a USO tour please
id rather still be sleeping than getting ready for work
what i was on i was like you supposed to get ya teammates
wish he wake up
Bppv getting worse or what
This made me so happy just now. The vibe, the joy, the youth
miss my bby wait to go get her
This is not ok
felt so good not being woken up due to loudness
God, sorry I said that bitch could suck jesus dick
To All The Boys Loved Before on netflix might just be the wettest thing iv ever seen how is it so popular
the lyrics :(((((( sobrang romantic naman???
I just learned this whole verse in a matter of 1 day I wait until he drop it man
The power of a prayer
Man but my husband bouta wake lol whores up
Where are these
SOOOO ready for these oxtails rice and gravy.. LOOOORDDT
Phone on 2% and my charger is in the living room. I feel like moving
I want some fruuuuit bad asfuck!
Yess right
And I completely forgot about the RNG Chain of Memories
someone buy me the huda beauty foundation abbey got me obsessed with that shitttt
dis kind of conversation aaaaAaaaa ilysm
wanna eat this one with him
this is so gross and conflicting
Woke up considering taking a break from school & then someone in my program asks if leasing a room for
Why are you so precious Mr Kim
Merci Kim Namjoon
her glow
Really need some GAS
I was just locked out for an hour.. I was only wearing my robe. SORRY to the neighbors who had to see me crawl through the window.
why do i feel sick.
If you heard thin line by Quemix 3 you missing outttt that bih jamming
I had such a good dream last night
OMG my eyes have been blessed this mornin
It really is tho.
imagine liking a nigga like on the left.
I wish we could go back to playing tipp at our last game
You people are not serious about food practically chewed up before you get a chance to do it yourself
Thank god for automatic start cold cold
crazy cause i hate going out now i just wanna relax.
My whole body hurts
I got over 12 hours of sleep last night. I needed it
My love for this woman is greater than great just look at her
Because entertaining and always in some shit all the friends I got now in relationships
Until the day of Wednes! super booked through
Going to somebody else house this year I gotta put on clothes clothes
Im sleepy but need to wait for 12am kst
Heart of My week off has gone far too quickly back to Edinburgh I go
My friend who is due the week after me had her baby yesterday
Man I feel like we gone have a cold ass winter
well mine was a waste but it could be great
Hardest part of my are deciding if i wanna spend the day on the couch or in my bed
really overwhelmed this week so if I respond please take offense
that's what he gonna do
Wish I could have it back
Ah onnie, you know Chaeyoung eats a lot
My boy is still knocked out and I go back to sleep!
usually never awake at this time.
His decisions with the ball atent always the best.
What a watch haunting in hill house was! Raging that finished
so hungry still at work
a hoe wbk why are u surprised
There's literally no warning about this
TANGINA
Sleep was everything
I just want a DEEP back massage
HI IF THIS DOESNT HAPPEN TO ME I DONT WANT IT I LOVE AND SUPPORT THIS
I feel like I already need a nap
These bags under my eyes are something serious
the way one has to pay for everything on a iphone yohh aha.a
weird how I can go out the night before, get drunk and the next morning wake up all early and go back to sleep
It be hot one day cold the next I deal
5 mins until we all put on our clown costumes again i'm so tired
antes la Lateral o el Fondo Norte?
I believe wear tights under your pants season
Hate that feeling when you randomly feel sad with no apparent reason
I gotta see where yo mind at b4 we have the babe slow down lil mama
This man is flawless
he was the best
Oh wow my lil dress high
I'm deleting the lords mobile app, aghhh it's not working for meeee spent hours leveling up but shit just tricked me
yessss we are!! moonchildren
Through thick and thin.
Miss you already, madam!
RT 2018 and people still think EXO-L never supports Yixing
Get a life
Especially when they know how to kiss too
My brother is going to kill me. Let me get ready
Phone been ringing all morning
Why am I so sore ?
the truth untold
Sans commentaire !
I wake up early even on my days off
this caught
And sexually confused
Yesss it is so good I enjoyed it.
benz bmw or a rover ? , stuck between a hard decision
if i win powerball, Lord, i promise everyone i love will be well taken care of
been working my ass off my body so tired
Man she is gorgeous
I know you are so lucky , cause so cute dressing them up !!! I wanted a girl & they had
Finna get a oil change && go to the shop
Girl me too
Revie pick up her phone all day yesterday.. fck is her issue yo
Some people are just so blind, it impresses me.
F.
i was about to write "concentration camp" in my book report but i wrote "carat camp" i miss sebongs so much but school wont let me
White remy something else
Fight day! About an hours and a half I'll be tapping out! But let's be fucking having ya
Wow just wow
correct response w self buhay ng may ateng teacher aaahhhhh.
need to reduce weight
I CANNOT! Her daughter just overdosed this just gets better and better I been watching this
forget gloves if you work outside at 6am, lose your fingers
Need someone daughter to drown me exactly like this
Dorm, layouts, schedules, priorities, peace of mind, good performance, proper time management
Haaaaay
FUCCCCK
I had a soda in so long, this can of sprite just gave me life
This is me every Sunday, not cause I'm low on confidence but because I'm a lazy bastard.
If I ever got the opportunity to create a song with You the best
My name dose not match the way I look or anything all other are pretty with a good figure
The dreaded Every-Good-Player-Is-On-Bye week
another hella week
i wanted that but I bitched up and went with mashed potatoes
Still naked in bed Nd no blunt has been rolled
As bad as I wanna sleep. My mama birthday tomorrow and we got plans today
body so tired
I wish he would wake up so I can go get blueberry pancakes
Water ice lemon , juice slices of oranges therapy
Ugggg Joxeia and Zeus are here
- i enjoyed my weeknd of peace but i miss my kids .
i remember this! i actually enjoyed it
Need some Halloumi fries in my life rn
Real chicken soup wit potatoes & hella shit uncle Pete gotta make it tho
I miss them so much
i miss my baby
wtf its almost 11pm
Halloween crew meet up. Last minute costum. I remembered Leons hat and coat to be gray dammit!!
God Bless
I miss
everyone from saipan is visiting korea it makes me jealous
Mucha tarea por hacer
in the next few months can you believe is about to top LEMONADE like shaking just thinking about it.
almost that time of year
I haven't been online omg did you go see Jessica???? Tell me was is awesome?
Where tf you at?!
I need this
If me telling how I feel to her work , then idk what to do anymore .
Fml love is an amazing thing
Awww man I thought at least 1 broke threw
oooh i though it was about mono and i got confused for a second, i thought i got the dates wrong
Not an age appropriate car seat Why is she front facing?!
I need my dick sucked like this
senpai has been noticed you, and now go away
for breakfast
this look was so hard Nancy
11 inch has magically reappeared. WTH man
I wish I had a car
I like em in all different flavors but I love love love a brownskin girl
the best times
really starting to get cold outside I hate winter omfg.
universe give me friends that fucking buzzkills
Her chin looks like drawn on. Please tell me see what I see
I accidentally went to this old lady this morning. She probably thinks crazy but she was giving
Got a big ass Aquafina water
Billie voice gives me creeps. But in good way
i cook every Sunday & i even be eating all of it
Why that couldn't be Allen
*news about someone smh gina not everything is abt you
Spent too much time looking at my phone tonight
Missing our spa day part 2 due
No one is safe on here mehn
Finally!
I have what feels like the beginning of an Achilles tendinitis. Fuck me.
think delusional when I say Guarana is nicer than any Guarana
Sundaying with the BF!
ugh i was suppose to sleep longer than this
Who told summer walker 2 do dis
Oya come collect Miss P from my DMs please.
I honestly miss going to church. I need to get back in there soon
Fr man
Work has been so stressful. I need a sugar daddy so I have to deal with this.
Y am I so tired all the time
The one I want
And here downloading so many games to earn more hearts They even download the voting app!
ready too make my way too demar at this point
wanna stop caring but I guess I got to a nigga be quit to hop in any bitch phone
already Sunday
Two more dayssss
Everything is so beautiful I miss those kind of landscapes, my city is so ugly
those messages you type out.. but erase and never send
Someone help me feel better, haaaAaAAaaAay. Life, y u like this
Got so many angin inside my badan
Apart being ill and working yeah thank you yours babe?x
I miss u everyday
Really miss sungjin's hair
He looks so fabulous with that hair omg love him so muchhhhh
All I know is this wake and bake is about to be everythinggg. Hopefully lol my ass is in PAIN
The song just got that much better
Want to jabii chicken yung spicy :(((
Yeah at this hour
I completely understand
i did some stupid ass shit last night. i think i was still high from friday night
I miss cuddling damn, been long I kissed daughter
Fuck off
omg congrats mamma!!!! so jealous still waiting on my princess
what's happening
wanna get out of bed with bae this mornin his ass was still knocked out
oh boy so sleep deprived
I wish I could my gym open till 5:30am and I have to head to Lancaster at 6
On my way! Home
i finish my last midterm, done with all my work. now i can enjoy karl being home
I always try but so tiring.
We at Unbound PR found the 21 days Challenge very challenging know so many things
I really need some hot tea
Free Gloria I Need my hair done
I experienced that in so long
Lmaooo always in designer
Maybe cause he wants to be safe. Birth control always work
Question
1. Why then pizza look like cartoon when them sick?
2. What is coconut pizza?!
At the rate BTS is planning stadiums be in wembley by the time next year rolls around
about to start watching it today .
risk this shit with POL-ITE coming up
Thinking ab taking that ride for some beignets
No way!
Its BRICK BRICK out here
I need friends who live in Ibadan .. I want to get a house there to just go and chill
Worst thing about getting sick is that my skin always breaks out
not ready for this snow
everytime craving chick fil a, sunday
Yeah theyre kinda incosistent im always confusion
Whyyy do all these damage ass people keep coming in my life
I have to make and eat my ramen with a fork.. In desperate need of chopsticks! Thank you hurricane Michael..
These professors are really trying it w/ these back to back assignments I wait till December
I love you
My shit hurting too & my damn side mirror gone off my car wtf.
ka sweet sa relasyonnn where's my beh?! HAHAHAHA
wait to be back in Ghana
This guys on Sommet else uno hahaha e mates with squirrels
Man I get even more whipped for Chanyeol every single time he uploads on his soundcloud
Coming soon gotta see when im off again
I hate picking greens
Me: ugh I should get up probably like 9
Looks at the time & actually quarter to eleven
Shit you making me wanna go ahead and get my lil stubs together
I want to go to an art museum right now
Being this tired all the time is just not okay
Yet more admin work to do today
Someone wanna come gimme a hand plz
Ma heart
Right when I said another yr or 2
How did I not know about this The one time I check twitter Hope had an amazing time!
Stuck between I dont wanna feel that hurt again but I wanna feel that love again
This show
I JUST LOVE ANYTHING SEXUAL
I have some very loyal ass friends man. I cant believe they have this much faith in me and this business. thank u.
pull it together
Can't wait to get home and naaaaap! I'm so exhausted
at least it will be something
Okay suddenly nervous??? NEVER nervous for possible teaser drops....
Something must happen
This deep conditioner feels amazing
67 and sunny. It feels so nice outside.
I think I want some more Oxtails today
tired of chasing the bag, it chase me for once
That's enough chicken wings for me.. I'm so f*ckin full.
love some sushi rn
Missed gettn my head rubbed Heaven
High ass hell cuz dem 1s fr
You have some weird ass inner demons
My son is really a boob baby
awwwww you have a baby glad everything worked out for for you
Am I the only one who is starting to stress about what going to give my fam for Xmas...
so ready to get home so I can get in my bed
when all alive again
I sooo wanna lay in bed all day and not go to work in an hour
so in love with this lil boy & the feelings definitely mutual
wait to start working
Don't do it!!!
Woke Up Wanting Grits, Bacon & Dressing
I really wanna go to work
I thought never ask
this nigga know when i want dick
No no. I could live in 90 degree weather year round
Geoff
can you follow me back sis
can't sleep with a full tummy.
You know an adult when you get excited about getting a Hoover
smaller* and a toned stomach
Every day
I just woke up I get a call from you.
We know
Sorted finally! After trying for over 2 hours
Came home last night to groceries & a clean house. Damn can a girl get this everyday.
Idk how I got blessed with such an angel I stg I deserve her sometimes
the lie though
Didn't the weekend just start?! Talk about Don't miss and
Browns not on tv again... guess be listening to it
I have to make and eat my ramen with a fork. In desperate need of chopsticks!
oh cold cold
I need to go to church
Wind blowing so hard I thought it was raining
thank you Rubani
I can actually sing. Someone needs to sign me
No matter what time I go to sleep always up around this time
I wish carverys delivered, I am really craving a roast but I want to cook one
Where has the time gone
alignment I just had a full conversation about how the tribe is extremely important I need them
cold outside
ugh, my weakness: having my hair played with and yes of course you can be the little spoon anything you want
fuck meeeeeee
Wish I could vote in Aus
This nail shop needa hurry tf up & open
still drunk now i wanna go back to sleep but every time i close my eyes the room is spinning
i wish i could win the lotto ..
Nope
Want Capricorn
Whoever is bringing that chewing vegetables instead of cutting them to my tl, please stop
Can we go back to this day pls
delete now
No seriously I work, AT MOST, 3 days a week now
, pintrosity, adventures of a wee mason, cheezburger , K & C plus
almost bust out into tears last night when my daddy cousin told me he seen me from a mile away cause i look like him RIP bby
Why are me & Rita Ora not a thing yet
Like hellooooo I also have a heart too.
It needa just stay this cold!
when Gucci said came to the club I was already drunk I felt that lastnight .. I even have the strength to get out the car
Sorry but what has Cuppy done for Lagos youths tired of this country
SHOW YOUR FACE QUEEN JAJSJDJFK FACE IS BETTER PLS ALSO I LITERALLY JUST POSTED
My stomach on today
I LOVEEEE YOU you done made me tear up at work
Posting old videos until I get my hair done
But mannnnn my bills come first
ajsksksjs literally going to slide into your dm now and i love love love you too!!!
Ok I will but only cause it got no likes
can it b thanksgiving already ready to eat
I want a hefty breakfast starvinggggggg
He is so damn beautiful
missin' u all kamon, make ur pag-uwi fast!!
Craving oysters
House is wood floors and I refuse to turn the heat on.
Like I want a pressure cooker and air fryer sooo bad but spend that much money on myself
my former classmates are jamming to momoland as their club music
I Need To Get Up & Cook Breakfast But Really Enjoying My Bed Right Now
KILL ME BC I JUST SAW THIS INTERVIEW!!! I need an RPlife for this movie so fucking bad
People: why don't you sleep?
Me: i get dreams about work
Right in the feels
I blew out 10 million of 8 pool coins in a moment
hungover && by noon I have to bounce back I got shit to do
I wanna meet so many of you next time!! Imagine all of us on the first two rows it would be lit ... start saving guys
See all I need is for this testosterone to finally kick in.
Because I end up buying the entire store
Your ass crying
wait to make it home to my babies
Gutted to have missed yesterday so made the most of my afternoon practicing my skills
was dreaming ab it n sms
I really want this song but idk what it is
That sounds perfect
My niece is 11 months today my girl is growing so fast. sick.
im done clubbing frl now
Lmao yo dead ass. She even return my call
SWEETHEART, I MISS YOU SO MUCH UGH! was only a week ago, but i miss you like crazy already so
I really miss oomf I hope okayyy
I still need to finish leveling my horde on your server damn work got me swamped and I just wanna game.
loving this fr but i think getting sick
Never again
IM- DONT GET ME STARTED PLS
really old, all my cousins who I use to run around with now have children..... need everybody to just slow down
Babi lawa sial
Can somebody go down 9th st for me please
not with those cakes
FINNALLY catching up on the new season of HTGAWM
When life fucked you up and all you wanna do is just lay back and be fucked thoroughly by a real man daily to get through everything
I really wanna go to this picnic but I got so much work to do
Shownu look at this old man such a pie
I definitely need to tone and get rid of these lor love handles
love that
RNA is single stranded, while DNA is a double helix. Bye. I learned this in middle school.
i-i don't know, could be the fact that i'm half way blind
I never understand women who continuously fight for men who aren't interested in them
so ready to go home
about to go home
Haha seen yours! Just seen somebody have with some sort of white gravy Dread to think what it was!
I peed
If you text me and I reply right away you need to do the same. I hate that slow texting bs
The fever.
I wanna go back to VA so soon.
has blessed me with all the contents
His voice is so hot in this omg
Dang I missed church this morning
in bed all day after last night
Finally catching up on the new season of greys anatomy
Need a new north face
Did you really have to hurt us by choosing soml as somg??
Damn is she even real
Biiitchh let me just say contractions are nooo joke I was in tears last night
Minnie is getting spayed tomorrow and I can't help but feel guilty that she'll never get the chance to be a mum
Sending so much love. so sorry
I wanna sell all my clothes and shoes and get a whole new wardrobe
Last night was torch .. window cracked, bodies intertwined, and just switching all into all kinds of positions til the morning
Omg I have never related to anything more
PLEASE STOP IM NOT READY I HAVE A TEST TOMORROW let me study
They did. Loved them
so who gonna help me put all this stuff away everyone speak at once
is gab a sink or a sail for u? sink that shit to de bottom of de ocean
did anyone end up recording or uploading guest judge appearance in the voice germany? We never got it
you niggas so unprofessional
Who has magical fingers and can get this stress out of my shoulders later i deal
It feel so good outside
I will never be this fine again
My whole crib smells extra loud
may long test bukas AP (yes THAT subject) ugHhh
excited for homecoming just not ready for my exams
I LOVE deep dark waves! can keep that other shit
needa be a yo people are so sweet
I want some Chinese from that spot in atl or the one in Charlotte.
so fuckin mad
I ate good and slept so good last night then had a damn nightmare
I
I been doing that since Wednesday
I could REALLY use this right now
Two A Day My Ass Had Endless Heart Burn
what a Lambo
how is it the same person
facts. i just need you to be my roommate already
has better bars than favs but asleep on her
Pineapple is so expensive here but I have tried this before & sooo good
not aggressive just mean and play about mine
cold af in San Antonio omg
Sex before bed be the best sleep ever
menu calls for pot roast...I feel like going to the grocery yesterday *sigh* barely on my way now
Me & my babies picture appointment at 2 Amore has to feel better first
so poor after fixing our window lmaoooo and my mom is so pissed that i had to borrow money
send me pics of her
me go crazy on my pussy mami
Being hungover at work is the worst
My stomach hurt
No one wanted to go with me to see Halloween
6 wayyyy too many my ult groups are nct, stray kids and monsta x!
I have two outfits for Halloween idk which one gonna be yet
(( this is why I made any graphics here, I see the point
Bruh the beat
Phoebe is on a clear liquid diet until her diarrhea resolves. I wish I could say this was the first time
I miss you too beshy
The cutest baby boys
TURKS
TURKS
TURKS
TURKS
TURKS
TURKS
TURKS
TURKS
TURKS
TURKS
TURKS
TURKS
The thought of going back to my life
I have the worst cramps today
Everything in my house glass I go longer than 2 days before I gotta wipe everything down again
hi im too scared to fall asleep that sabrina movie basically traumatised me bro
I wana learn how to do my makeup , like really do my make up
I DON'T CARE HUH
My bday is on Friday and I still have no idea what I want to do
This economy is not friendly
Was just smack out on my break
I have the worst cramps rn
Oof
I think decided yet, But not going to be able to make It to VA this year to do It anyways
I need a 10 hour nap
got sowhatimdead verses for the low hmu
My braces been hella uncomfortable lately
The unachievable sleep goals of a sleep deprived mother
Let me get up and get myself together so I can go to the hospital
oh no someone let my dad eat a banana, where are my ear plugs?
Now its like my turn to live in my K fantasy okay stop i mean why would I admire someone who wont notice me right
Disrespectful i had to call Kathy last week and ask her if she forgot about me.
a month for a gym membership that I even use WHY am I like this!!!
Its you bruh
This is going to be a long winter
Me: what time do I need to be ready?
Mom: about 2.
Now forced to stress through the game
the whole concept of men being oppressed lol bruh
Fr Lay Down On They Ass
I need to find a home for my kitty
Kibum
Lol sometimes the internet is really so undefeated Good morning everyone. From Ohio L to what I guess
You need more friends
If ya want him in fantasy, im all ears
You was saying you loved me when I was all in your guts
Teach these men pls
party day and kinsley and I feel like trash
Right! the stressful part. Trying to plan these outfits
I get so upset when the weekend fun is over
Why you so weird
Lol I always thought it was S.A for South American
Counting days
Good thing used to experiencing multiple mental or emotional breakdowns during thesis season hahahaha Huhuhu WORK IS HARD AF
I have to clean and put my laundry away but all I wanna do is sit on my couch and lounge
i had chips or ihop in so long would be clutch right now
Lmaoo they need to share the secret cause no way using the same phone companies as us
Oh my god the A&E staff at the RUH were amazing - showed them the chemo book and I was
LOL, not even that mean
I would love a bouquet of sunflowers & roses
sooo tired today Idk how ima get through the rest of the day but I got this
Muff flying out I hate and love Uncle Sam all at the same time.
This man is the biggest wuss. OBAMA HILLARY NANCY CHUCK JUST OWN YOUR SHIT.
too many things to do but to little money i have .oh god
What is wrong with you
It's snowing outside
the thing, I even walking.
Shey if I had man now, be using one hand to rub my back.
I just wanna smoke and drink my birthday away
Sit on my fucking face daddy
Really
I don't
Miss him already
I wait!!!!! Love me some Toya and Monica so here for this
I DID THAT!
I was drunk drunk
I just got so excited about my future/career
Yoooo really concerned about my health now I stop bleeding from my nose this is the 4th time it happens this month
bet the makcik makcik was judging the bride and groom before entering the hall "kawin kat dewan sekolah ja"
Lmao starting to not feel the love
I need to get up and go to the grocery store
have no idea how GOOD it felt sleeping in this morning after 6 doubles in a row.
i came i saw, i came i saw
I praise the Lord
Then break the law
I take what's mine
Then take some more
Aunty how do I get my film o
so pale... starting to gross me out
That sounds so good
grad clothes tak formal langsung
Should I call off ? Decisions
My man been sleeping since 6, woke him up at 9, and he fell asleep again before 10.
Paid target practice next week I really love guns
loving on the mindy project he will always be Jake to me so any chance to see him on tv again
you cute as hell.. you look like you drink cranberry juice.
Wanted to be at this Titans game in London
Home garden section is self check out now I paying for all these plants no more
Pero mal
craving bacon
My heart is so warm I have to listen to the album RIGHT NOW
I really miss taking walks
I use to have so many hats
good!
a month after i retweet this i made it happen
1 month left
Ugh I feel like adulting today
What a night
i wanna go see & Pumpkin picking
my dog is stopping me from doing my assignments
I miss country living but merry that man
Lmao we are ready to receive you
My baby has a nose bleed
Ace from one piece
Lol almost there! At least past the plane crash I think I ever recovered from that fully
Carmelo pulled Ingram away and Bron grabbed CP3. Why is the energy only on Lebron??? Its sick how much hate that man
shawty bad i even blame her for her smile
I caved in the no bread going to start for the whole month of November cause I have the discipline
look at my husband
Two bad days in a row ugh
This is actually beautiful
If I can only actually finish...
Couple goals
in love with the grinch and my mom just texted me doing a play at proctors
shhettt yung project koo
Of course I finally make it to target and shit is just everywhere being moved around. Need a drink
Can I have somebody I can mengada ngada with
im so horny this morning dm me for nudes and videos.
Dude getting your period is not a joke it hurts like hell!!!
Henemies I think suffered enough. Forgive me o!
so ready for January great things will be happening .
never felt this type of love before
I love you so much baby girl
sssh stop na. u know how much i love you!!!!!
Now you mention when I've been looking for a place for hours
but seriously, lauren focusing on camren in this day in age is very sad. both her and camila are in relationships
I be ready to go soons I clock in
UGHHHHHH Heart ko bb!
My sun sign is Gemini and my mom sign is Scorpio uhhhh i see why imma problem
Damn he cute
When you had enough with everything
Fuck...my packages always wanna arrive when not home.
No better feeling than finishing an RPG this took forever.
My biggest weakness
Hope today go by fast i wanna get back home
mfn tired. dang near tryna sleep the day away.
just know where tf going to be living
Not feeling good at all
I need some brown bread from Cheesecake Factory
I want to post my mood there by whatsapp but ke lapa ke dipotso tsa teng
Why a dream just become reality?!
I love Apple Sauce
it... I WANT A BABY
nka is such a compliment for me
those are so good
|| Is that a game??? I thought you reported in here, twitter.
legit all been thinking about since gotten back to Austin
i wanna take a nap but i already took a half hour nap in the afternoon
Whew chile. be on here attacking folks from every angle.
Element in my oven has gone what kind of real life adult issues am I really experiencing!
Whew chile I gotta lose 20 pounds I can't fit any of my jeans
I want a full body massage rn
Aye man Melo do shit last night...not even during the fight..not even a sucker punch and back pedal, he might really be washed.
11/10 classic and such a great movie I actually believe been 30 years already
I want candy
This is probably how my daughter will look, even has my forehead. Lord ready
.@darealmike_dub with a 55-yard touchdown reception.
Even better: I dropped him in fantasy this week.
i've gotten dark from workin outside in that damn sun
-messed me up by getting everything did and her fit before she left too smh.. she walk so good in heels
Last night, I gave him a lap dance in front of the whole team. I fucking hate my drunk self.
Wala guys, marupok + malandi.
Not really the way I wanted to spend my Sunday
I really want go to movies see Halloween
lmao to think l was ready for cuffing season think ima sit this one out solo
you ever meet someone new?? and so tired and wanna make time for them oh so tired
My Abigail needs a friend
How you go ask me for my sister dog hoss?
Spent whole day with shorty & my sister Now back to this money
I need to buy me some earrings
Somebody take me out for brunch
Just bought another bag full of cleaning products I think developed a problem
ight I want my baby back home now
Unfair comparison hahaha. God I fucking hate Fisk. Pulling the fucking strings on people I like
FINALLY went grocery shopping & now I know what to cook tonight
Meal prepping for the week today this gonna be stressful since kordell and I are having breakfast at my parents
Chris Paul did not put his finger on face like that
I want a full body massage right now
i believe i forgot seeing the image of taeyong actually dressing up as jack frost and i was mad confused
shoutout to my poi for sponsoring a girls (late) lunch
I wait to go
not gone know how to act when bae leaves for Jamaica with his family for a week
i know church is about to be soooo goooood!!!!! i wait until service start!!
about two bills and a gas tank away from doing something strange for a little piece of change -jaycole
The fact that Wiz and Winnie are a thing makes me so happy
I felt the same way
Zero sense of accomplishment overpainting a white ceiling
Any female that love you while you BROKE deserve NOTHING but loyalty
But I know once up my kid gonna be on one ready to get our day started
need to put my pride aside
know you but wtf this broke my heart
Can't get over those minjoon moment
Louis noticing me challenge
Am not ready for Monday
The man of my dreams, literally
I've dreamt of him, we had lunch together
Why must carti fw with kap g so hard
Meridith prostituted herself for Out Back Steakhouse, arent any different
I hate being home
All i do is work and come home and take care of my baby . This is real life
Why is it so damn cold??!!
I did 1 phone and 3 in person interviews with 6 different people for my new job
I wish I could just take his pain away rn, my poor babbyyyy!
I was stuck in bed all day yesterday now ready to go out today
MIGHT HOLD A CLIPBOARD
just had an intense car sex dream. how was he still driving?
The gone a bit dull too... i think need to buy that red shampoo they sold at the salon to liven it up a little
i need inserts for my work shoes
I need some fruit, literally been a week and I live like this
Update : Finally done
And its fucking 2:07 am deadass wanna kms
Its nite nite time now
OT9 FUCKFUKCCUKCUVKVU IM READY
Somebody call me
Srsyly 10hrs at school. Ugh, kill me now
EXO Concept Short Film via ALL OF THEM LOOKING SO GOOD
Wish I work till nine
Dated this man last night cos he's to skinny naaaa. he deserves some break and some treats!!! Baked Scallops +
I wanna be Elon Musk when i grow up
I wish I had a sister who wanna do shit wit me like lets go to the movies or sumn thats why I cant wait to do that wit ryann
not ready for Monday
sad but true
I really understand how can anyone hate this precious smol bean
fucking TRIPPING!!
I love this weather
Sometimes love comes & it knocks u down
Same, but I'm still tired I swear Daniel better get a podium
Nope, I think I have the day off
wish our cat could be like that
Seriously Need To Get Me Some Sweaters &nd Hoodies
ugly need my hair done
I have no energy today
lmao i understand, a lot changes in a short time frame with this game
I be even dreaming about taking girlfriends up with
I be bored AF at home, I be wishing I had a roommate other then Kari
Get me to Vegas man
I need to be getting dressed
But why the fuck did I come home at midnight knowing damn well I have work in less than a hour
Why us moms be the pregnant ones and the dads have to breast feed ? all they get to do is the fun part. .
trying so hard not to wake Asha up but i gotta tell her something
i want that body too
Omfg, I am screaming! unc sound creepy af
I cried during A Star Is Born last night and Michael just looked at me and laughed
phone please
Girl I let my friends fight you know how hard of a situation that puts me in !!
Work at 1
what the fu k
I miss you too
Ptn casse la wsh
worst feeling you can give me fr
want some breakfast
I'm so jealous you always notice that one person but anyways love you king ALWAYS
Can we get a male version of this?
Still wondering how she became my girlfriend
Anyone have good links or know of any good spots to stay in in L.A aside from Air bnb? Not trynna stay in a hostel
Man I hope the NBA od with the suspensions
Happy Birthday Day1 Love You Miss You
Pump house got me sick AF
Ken Need Some Sweaters To iCouldnt Find Her None
so tired
I would like that too, pray for that to happen
i love cranberry juice
All closed up for the winter Clifton, New Jersey
tired of fucking w these lame niggas baby, I just need a thug
no fckin idea man i'm dying
Whole everybody was either laid up or at the zombie crawl I was at home sleep before 11
Man they have some nice houses in youngsville
is this too much to ask for
Lmfaoooooo that shit dead took me a grip to read properly as well too
want some breakfast from
Cannot wait for the day I can absolutely spoil my nieces and nephew
arrest him please
why so cute
Need some dick rn
You filthy.
Jus my luck now i gotta take my grandma to church
No lol i think I ever will but I have to
I try saving up money for other stuff but it disappears for my skincare itself
on washing and drying bedding
I doing shitt
I wanna get up bc my cat is finally in peace and she just wants attention
a nap sounds so good rn
Coming home hungry asf to no food
Exo always switching it up on us
ugh I hAte inactives
I got 2 papers to write tonight
When I smoke by myself I be thinking tooooo much
domingos
We was suppose to be on a yacht but everyone is sleep and assuming hungover
bro she bad .. rt if this is you
- How My Dick Stay Waking Me Up This Morning Wood Needs A Mouth ; Orlando For The Weekend
are shit when the only plan you have is to go to the gym
so fuckin cool
Why am I always buying make up
FOR SHAME REPUBLICANS.
The way he says Jonas blue's garage
RIGHTTT!!! it's the same feeling of emptiness after your fav show ends i hope he won't take that much time though
Lmao he gave himself that name and yeah she do.
having them perform right in front of my eyes still feel so surreal to me honestly
She badddd, tf U THOUGHT, BBA, damn all of em Trina
Broken man, few years after I crossed the finish line
I love that little whistle fast cars do
People dont get how much process there is
I on shit this weekend n it felt great
instead of road to babaihan sana, pero anyare right now?!!!
Me putting off checking my accounts after this weekend
Rice all the way bruh
What's happening I'm not home yet.
Okay, finally finished it! For all those who are missing I made a montage off scenes with Joe & Debbie.
I really wanna go get my nails and feet done
Girl ! I might have to go to work in my bathing suit with how hot it is here damn it MF dying ,
I want some red and white vans
Yesss they really do every time they pass each other everybody groans internally because face
Ready for my baby .
Awwwww I think about you too
just waking up I never sleep this late anymore
Is this a trick question?
I wanna go to the fair tonight
My life so complete. SO COMPLETE.
I have absolutely no idea what wearing today
I been in a while and I feel so bad about it
one week i miss you so much!!!!!!!!! you give the best gift in my life.... i made part of your first tour solo,
I can go anywhere I want for my birthday but I have no desire to do nothing but finish this damn project in the works
i wait to go home and take a nap
Same I taken my self out on a date
i wish i could unsee that video of an elephant giving birth
Me Last Night I Felt It Through My Body
Cold af sus. I think getting sick mane stuffy af.
Ugh come to Chattanooga
So I have to shower with it?
I know why but I love this picture
bloody spider season
even started my psychology essay due tomorrow and sat ordering healing stones least cure ma
Need food
Made the biggest mistake to cut my hair. I hate it
They made a Tales From the Hood 2.
I actually do tell him available as a rental, and not amused.
Nap time before work
ima Sagittarius tho , so we compatible .. but Aries are the BIGGEST HOES OF THEM ALL but I still miss my hoe
i miss this a lot!!!
Look what my aunt sent me the other day
was out the whole day since this morning will greet you tomorrow with a long post
Idk what tells people that fish meat .. but newsflash dumb ass fucking meat.. now keep that dumb ass response to yourself
I think take 2 to take down big red
Ugh I knowwwww, and it would be so good. but I just know if I could sacrifice all my sleep.
My thighs are killing me
Found this amazing coffee spot plus they played 80s soul the whole time , ah my heart
What a nightmare
I want to leave
what kinda logo is this
lower the lattisimus dorsi, according to google
So serious it took like 2 minutes to open them
I feel like I can never get tired of chicken baked Mac yams and stuffing
My rich and posh auntie is in town bois. That means I have to act like I give fuck
not trying to go to work
Why do I continue to watch videos knowing so emotional when it comes to animals seriously too early for me to be crying
Last day of my staycation wait to see Fireflies today at 2!!
People are wild regarding their obsession with other lives.
I listen to live records just to imagine me at a show. I sit there eyes closed & everything.
Thando is swallowing her words
two player packs op
ugh age can't lie, kid
I want some real food
when u press send with all that anger and u see duck such a let down
I just saw the cutest champion sweat suits on this website that I want but dnt kno if a legit website
Reality Money=power how sad
Kayla Going To Have Me In Jail
especially when i dont layan but he insistssssss on getting my attention me no likey kiddy
Why is this so true?
As if it wasn't one of the best pics from tour
I was being super productive to keep myself busy and Ive been hit with a migraine
I feel you I'm the biggest procrastinator ever and I hate it so much but I never have the
This fool said Somebody take this man phone
Lmaooooo! I came back, everybody left already tho
PARK CHAN MOTHERFUCKING YEOL PLEASE LET GO OF MY NECK
Pastor reminded me that I am literally waiting on my Boaz. Iz coming ooo
need to drop all this unreleased music so I can listen to her voice when I need soothing
Been up since 6am. ( 5am on time)
Honestly think I might cry - cannot WAIT
me every other week
Miss the tattoo needle but chillin
Want ko jabii chicken yung spicy :(((
Yeah at this hour
so jealous!!! Miami still feels like the 7th circle of hell
Sissssssssssss stop lying for twitter
I just need a catering management job all I freaking know
Hair appt Saturday but I have to wash it today so I be looking crazy at work
Here we go again
A long warming hug is what I want right now
Gosh Wang Jin Li is so romantic. I can't even man.
I missed all my calls
Lord Alleem is living the life
namjoon is so large and what for
shems feeling sembreak na ako, gurl may feasib defense ka pa sa thurs anuna
Gotta get it together b4 my re come home
Forever21 Been Begging For My Money With All These Good Sales.
I need a whole season of him playing like old D rose then we can talk.
trust & believe keyshia cole
eternal jam
Me too
The fact that I felt a slight cool breeze as I walked outside is good enough for me compared to the EXTREME heat been enduring
i want a daddy to spoil me and watch me cum for him
PHONE CALLS W MY FAVOURITE PERSON EVER ALMOST EVERYDAY?? yes please skxnxjdjdjdj
wanna get out the bed
Really ? I got sick on Friday sooo bad...
so mad I had to work just wanna stay in my bed but money to be made
Honey 44 degrees out this door
KAHIT MAY 11:11 IBA PA RIN GUSTO MO HAYS
I just ready for my new carpet
Thank you so much this just made my day better
him in general...
No, out for another meal
Abe exo kita bawak RXZ ke tuu
my poor mother was so distraught lmaoo
I want blue bunny rocky road or cookies and cream
i know it feels like there's not much on them apart from tshirts and albums, what would you gift a bts and rv fan for like
Tired of Fw these lame niggas baby i just need a thug
ready to go to school tomorrow
Remy & Henny dont mix
my mans pulled out the mariachi band huh . . . .
I done woke up hungry af
These lil girls looking more and more grown everyday. My son gf gone look like his mama
god comeback plus teasers and eventual comeback in like two weeks i do this
Second Sunday in a row cuddled up watching football with shorty. He really be trying to steal my heart I still let him
32 legit seconds of me having trouble breathing
wanna leave my bed but money affi mek iyah
OMG no way yours had hidden music, scroll loved it.
Taken by yours truly you are so beautiful
Apparently
Me too it's stresses my out because I feel like something is wrong
I really have to do better with being on time to places bc horrible
wait till it starts snowing lol just not ready for the cold
My whole body is aching
having to combine the board when been the root of our problems for about 5 years
the only down side to going on a road trip is having to unload everything out of your car when you get home
like a baby boomer on twitter sometimes with all thumbs not paying attention threading to the wrong tweet
Date night this weekend so excited been forever
being het is hard but bc of quirklodd now is 10 times harder quirkloss made heterophobia even a bigger
Me too I went in for concealer and just started grabbing stuff
I didn't get started.
Paid my money but bailed due to brain stubbornness before I got started.
Same
This me af but 6am
Sir Please
Yalll I am going through it
Man I woke up starving
NYC WENT OFF , body sore and got no voice
Is there anything a person can do, to prevent your body being sliced open and your organs taken out, after you're dead.
I wish I had off too
I would but too late
I universally have that reaction from both my family and in-laws. At least my kids *get it*.
Bad Terms Mean LEAVE It's Only Testing Your Loyalty
that's the thing, finding a good place
Lol why me
Why is my light disconnected every other week
Holy shit
Slay me
glad back sis bc I received my AH order & been over a month Hoping all is well though!
Ehhh.. Pumping machine don collect
I think so cute when the oldest child have a lil sibling and be in love
Finally ordered the crib and they are taking their precious time
Ahhh this one too fine abeg
tell going see it today lol. good?
Going to kill me too, also have Gronk out. And Titans Luke Stocker as backup.
minseok looks like how he did during history era , his hair
mcflurry please
When I get home I definitely need to take my car to my dad so he can clean it
Babes makes so much sense
i spent ENTIRELY too much money this weekend.. like WTF
I know
I HEARD THAT AND IT SCARED ME SO MUCH!!
Wow what sort of world are we living in
It matter what time I go to sleep, I always wake up at 10:00
find a proper download link for the song I wanted to use for Shitty Leftovers oh well got other options too I guess
Thought about going in the office today for OT ... already work 100 hrs good a bitch my tiedddd
Tash Sunday
Twitter app says I have a new DM, which I most certainly
bad
Sugar mummy that would just be giving me money and expect nothing from me
I want
Imma bring some hair over Towanda house so you can do mine
to by myself an ounce or go shopping? tuff lol .
Sundays are now one of my favorite days
I swear for me it starts before I even sleep
So you decided to share the pain how very nice of you
My granny called not say happy birthday but when ima settle down and find a wife
so sleepy and only 10
I need 48 hours of sleep, food, a trip to Walmart, and a pedicure
Exactly waht i do all ze time
I KNOW i wish i had her life goodnight
wanna get up for work
My cravings are real right now
Also if anyone is good at massages hmu my back is cracking more than crackheads are when they dance. And I'll return the favor.
they're literal heaven
Someone should really take my phone away when drunk
My nightz carrying over into morningz
but I really feel like driving to wr
still a cutie
Went in target to get coffee creamer. Walked out with $100 worth of shit
I love kissing him he is a real addictive drug
Finally running this bo4
I want them halloween sugar cookies
Always threatening
Ready For My Baby To Come Home missing him
A night out would be helpful actually exercising and being productive. Weekends just sucks ready for Monday/daycare to be back lol
My trip is soon coming to an end & I want it too
Whos the +1? Dont tell me you smashed them both by yourself.
Shit me too I believe my wife waiting for me
cold af outside
now contemplating how much it would cost to rent a small bus and pay someone to drive us to NYC
Ayoooooooo pull the fucking plug fuckimg dead
I swear my phone be fucked up
Shes just trying to keep her man dry though just like he would do for her if she was making a speech and it was raining
I download the app and idk why, this sucks, this really really sucks
I think psychology been my favorite subject if I had another teacher . love the class , hate the damn approach
hdhdjd that company is busy sueing people now
Every step i take , every move i make
Fell asleep before i could get where i needed to be
Cambia boda por baby shower y eso es peor
Yes please
I want to get my feet rubbed & binge watch Harry Potter movies when I get off
Wishing I was on the way to the track and not to work
I would be in my grave
Boy call me so early , whewww
always listened to it but never got the chance to see it! It was amazing I wanna go again!
I wait
Wonder why these cops hate me, probably because they ain't me. I ain't even been a gang member but Yorkton labeled me a gang chief
i will never not be ready for exo
My heed is so fried today and my anxiety through the roof can today just be over
i will never not be ready for exo
I wanna go to the zoo again
What do I want to be for Halloween ?
dude why am i crying
I even wake & bake I gotta wait til get off
i hate when my hands feel super dry
i have 2 go buy more wigs
kpop is finally saved
please cross bc when that devil come out of me, no stopping it
Bad gyapon sa health ma
But so good
Tom leaves in two hours and then I have to go library to get 19373 books n do work
WTH is in the air rn for everyone to be breaking up. Satan working extra hard this season
I remembered you bc right now I'm completing my assignment too which I have to submit tomorrow
MY BIASES ARE SERVING ME STEAMING HOT VISUALS. THEY WONT LET ME BREATHE
He underestimated his Lazy youths
been feeling so sick and uncomfortable since thursday...
Oh hello corpus miss you
Ma maman est trop belle tchia
Excision Red Rocks looked so damn beautiful
I feel like doing anything today
mfs still can't pronounce his name right
ang gago ni kate
Dating in 2018 is
I wish my Dominos or other places did treatstream.
si jrajoute des tweets fait trop officiel genre c vrmt fini
Wallah issa mood
My cousin is selling tickets for the game Monday and hella tempted to go
headache
Please where do you live? I want to come around
Che got me LIT right now
the friends the problem, the money is
Look at the baby I want oneee
Take me back to drake concert
I'm glad that he keeps updating unb fancafe to ensure us that they're still alive it's also a relief
Girl shoot sometime
couple years
Lmaoooooo
These are two delicious men though
Why did I agree to doing overtime tomorrow
i really wanna go see halloween
most of even drive to save ya life
I get bored so easily, I just want someone who keeps my attention
Lily needs to learn how to use the toilet like yesterday
Hate to tell you but...it only gets worse the older you get. And then your stop cooperating too.
If I can see my breath too damn cold to be out mowing my lawn
OK let me at least start with this assignment
Would you fight at the club? que pena
i want to try the new pizza of yung salmon libre ka naman
Wow I got the day off today... finally a day off in 3 weeks
I want cookies from great
These cramps are serious
I like this time of year ... really Christmas
You were so right! Never felt this bad from a long haul flight
Realized last night that my dad really is the verve for older people ih People really missed Palace eh
really sleepy though but I got stuff to do today
i need them menthol 10s man
I need someone to go see with me!!!!!
dom kidnapping me she take me back
tryin to turn that mouth into a daycare, girl.
EXO said don't mess up their tempo bitch. Do you see them? They mean BUSINESS
I want something really sweet
Going to that wedding made me even mooooore excited for ours!!! marrying my best friend.
EWC keeps emailing me but honestly like to find a new wax place. My usual girl left and everyone else is too heavy handed
sheeeet rico & claudine movie
i be forgetting only 19 i be wanting so much and to do so many things
I love me some Brother Nature lmfao.
I need soup
I looked at this and felt chills
what the hell is wrong with me
Lmao in my house
Gikapoy nako mahimong parewara sa life oy huhuhu lead me to the right directions again please
5 hrs of sleep, 1 shower and a few blueberries then back to work for my 3rd double
HOLLY SHIT!!!!! MAU MATI AJA LO TAU GA HATI GUE RASANYA GIMANAA MO NANGIS AJA!!!!
Sedikit terkejut
Look how pretty you are such a pretty ass girl
Bc powder & picots work miracles I swear
I want that palette so bad
I read her mood! But most times 3
Before?? me currently
understand how someone can go to bed knowing there are dishes to be washed
Real artists
damn, i been dreading this day all week
you always understand bb
I really need a whole new wardrobe for this fall
Pagod na mata ko dahil sa cellphone, plssss hug me and talk about life
officially sick I need to shake this shit
All my friends are busy when im off
This auntie role is the best one I could have gained
ah my heart
OMG those shaders are so
and 38fps?
When I clear this house and then clean not leaving it until tomorrow.
i need a loan oh!
Last time I checked I was single & not married
their chicken and waffles are so yummy omg and i even like chicken and waffles
I hate myself
No but I
My entire body hurts
I am the Ingram of group fights my nigga same outta nowhere tryna clear Paul
I hope 11
Fck sis you lucky Ima go bruh
I need a new song
Why is Netflix trying to play me right now
Can I come and stay with you
Those p*ssy has always been cavernous! ....we ain't worried
My son just said more down than I am
even got money for that
Part of me wants a bob and part of me wants some braids
The one that got away.
Gonna try to learn my violin this sembreak. Ilang months ng nakastock.
in complete awe
I just want Piccolo to go to sleep but all he wants to do is play
Quiero encontrarlos
i love a nigga who constantly wanna see and talk to me
Idk if I should start Crabtree or Funchess
trying. thank you
Sunday fried rice and family FIFA tournament, nothing beats this this atmosphere
I need some more friends, I wanna go out to breakfast
Man fuck holy shit i reported this like 2 days ago and no reply i wish i could switch to converge
been sick in bed all weekend, looking like a runaway slave, and do a bit of schoolwork. This week is going to kick my ass
Proper want to go Dr Fright sooooooo bad
do you have those kind of flowers? y yes please!
Brian Kemp out here putting Nigerian Princess to shame, talk about a SCAM
so cold out today
Me every of episode of Greys
Bring me in what film is it
Niyaaz's looks are working overtime.
I need a backwood why I have friends
I am so happy for porsha from real housewives of Atlanta on her baby and her new man she reminds me of myself sooo much
i know driving motorcycles but these cuts reminds me so much of the kaisoo fanfic
Omg ... 13 years flies by so quickly.
It feels like yesterday
18 & cannot stay off my phone
Cheesecake
yet i juss fucc up everything
I feel like delivering these hoes but I got to
about to go back to sleep
I want a bond so tight even on bad terms Im still who you run to first
freezing bih I refuse to move out this bed
I really wish my bitch lay was here
So glad we follow each other on social media He post shit anyways so I stalk no way
Think of me while watching
making a murderer part 2 has left me with SO MANY questions i just UNDERSTAND
Man I gotta stop sleeping like this
I still do my snap filter for all my locations
Why I have any pockets
need to build a shrine to the bell curve god tmr before 2pm
I just want to go to Brooklyn bc they seem to have all kinds of good ass food.
Why do i get these obnoxious currant bun comments on my timeline? Then i see they are or by tims
That sounds sooo painful
Jongdae already outsang all of comebacks with only one line oof king
I want to watch it so bad
my favorite van are my wtap collab vans, wish i had the olive pairs
Jgh 8hrs byahe
i miss you too we will be driving through dallas around your bday
I just want some new clothes but I wanna spend so much money
Halfway through the month and done anything spooky
Aubrey went home already. Damn this sepanx
THAT GAZE! THAT FU*KING SEXY GAZE
I hate Sunday dinners so much
Im so mad my hair catchin all these niggas attention
GOATbis And King Klizan both 6-1 now guess nobody is destined to be 7-0 in finals
I need a whole massage
chimmy
I think Nosipho or Thato is going home tonight
My flight from seattle got delayed by almost 2 hours so if anyone wants to come save me so im not late for work
my ass is already tired of sitting and we got 4 more hours
Clearly bored
Felt like I got 3 items from the grocery store and $50 later
We knew about it.. different when u read it..
Anytime you in a car niggas on the Belt always swear you wanna race. Chill Jeff Gordon, Im just tryna get home.
I repeat... who keeps voting for Niyaaz? Sifile!
Lastnight was might one of homecoming and homecoming not till tomorrow sick
I wish he get up & go to the store bc not
I really want some garlicky, shrimpy, pasta
loll yesss
I wish the people closest to me loved seafood as much as I do
kumbunnie: I want to have my guts rearranged More on my Premium
these flashbacks from last night can fuck off I wana know
My daughter is starting to follow me everywhere now she knows when leaving her
Heyyy bby i need ur attentionnn
Ope totally spelt that wrong lol but ya jfc bro
Lol I want to see penalties
Came home, wiped my make-up off, showered, & now about to catch whatever Zzz I can cs my son has a game at 8 am
Is my doctor having a laugh? 5 tablets in one go! I hate tablet taking. I'm predicting a gagging fit coming
Can we all go to a lit ass bomb fire here soon
I Missed My FaceTime Call
call me off of work
Suffocate me with your thighs love
God, please hear me. Skip tomorrow
Omg Xuan baby, see this bird app is bullying me please kick it for me
They just wanna get their tweets off
The comments on this are killing me
No I don't think so
Hopefully He Get My Car Fix Today I Hate Asking People For A Ride
I tried to give him the stop talking and it did NOT work
Aw miss you too, we had so little time
I owe like a little over $3,000 in tickets
deathwhistles: ugh i need higher thigh highs my content | onlyfans | private snapchat
Wish my mans was here to roll me a blunt and touch my butt
I watched the haunting of hill house to be scared NOT TO CRY MY EYES OUT wtf
Really need some mash potatoes and thick gravy
we cant even trend for their cb
I keep buying candles help.
I need help with something
Lawa teroxxx
Wouldn't be surprised tbh bro
Anybody wanna bring me breakfast?
my phone always dead it makes no sense
Then she got her hair done and it still looked trash
my nigga, I want a french toast special with my eggs scrambled & bacon from
Right
Our country.
It Take Me About An Hour Or More To Get Ready
I need to go grocery shopping today
this had me screaming
RT Mum gave birth to her sweet little baby boy in water and then we thought the placenta was
He looked good as shit pushin yo an pressed the shit out the Referee
DKGHHF we got a good laugh out of it also shoutout to for constantly cheering
Wow , this me rn ..
The way I crave milkshakes is becoming a serious problem
WHAT DOES THIS CUBE STUFF MWAN? THEYRE STUCK IN A CUBE AND CANT GET OUT WHAT
Okay official , i need a pair of 1s
mfka done kept me on one phone since 5:48pm and trapped on the other two all night. Now he sleep and up.
My mom took my daughter for the day I already miss her mind you she just left
got a hangover headache plus im sick af
Damn thought support us for good now
I Want Something Good As Shit For Dinner But Idk What That Is Right Now
this is going to be the longest 40mins of my life
Actually for awhile I been so happy crazy like everything literally falling in place
Money to spoil my mum, jur sister and girlfriend
I finally caved and made a Jenna layout
Woke up with a hurt back and a bruise
what I said he told me if I buy them he throwing them away
I want this
I wanna go to brunch today
Lool and the crazy eyes appear
Somehow my son just got his WHOLE fucking binky in his mouth & was choking on it.....this kid is an ANIMAL
HE NEVER FAILS TO PROVIDE WE'RE NOT WORTHY
this was so good???
Finna cook tonight I cooked in forever
like so tempted on getting a tat today...help!
I love how my man wakes me up on Sundays
i miss my boo bae
I cried GAHHHHH
even ready for it to be this cold out here
been feeling like this for a couple days but worse today
Let me attempt to blow some loud with this popped lip
omg, what did i do to deserve dis boy
I feel you a dead woman
Two tacos, curly fries, and stuffed I used to get the sweet ice teas but they discontinued them
I be rude asl & niggas still be crushin ...still he wanting to spend that bag
This thing okare staged
i need milktea to get through the rest of the week
I dont been bit twice and it bloody hurts
Filosofia, why are u so boring ?
11hr shift today & I need more sleep
My king never fails to deliver for halloween
Khalid came out with a new album
WINDY AF
They gave me this
wat I went for
my dad and his friends are going to the world series <\3
Why are bitches so annoying. In my inbox writing novels about a nigga I even know or want
My answers come to me in the midst of silence! The clarity is crystal clear
not a lot
had to capture this
can't wait to see my brotherrr
the original tweet of my video almost got 1M views, I need help to let people know MY video
buy me mcspicy
Holy fuck deed after that 32oz steak
all I be wanting to eat like all the time
hahah oh no the GILLian thing thank you Nicole
look alike to me ion think I ever told yu that lol
waiting patiently
I must really have a big crush on you if I continually dream about you, kissing and dragging you omg I want to get feelings again
Remington has whined and cried since he got up this morning!!! SOS!!! Coffee may not be enough today
This!!
" i love showing you off , you're straight up gorgeous " MY HEART
hhh are we ready tho???
and I need everything.
I'm good to be broke.
I miss my nephew
I miss this
he can smack me and id say thank you to him
I miss my baby
Maybe I can do a quick visit to the grocery on my way to your place then cook once we wake up.
Date me.
"Only" 17 hours and 39 min left
Ouch, my wee heart
cram
crammed;
transitive verb
4 : to prepare hastily for an examination
Again and again.
rl been drunk for three days ina row
I think going to sob so much on what will happen to Teddy & Henry aka the cutest couple ever!!!
sunnie ass need to get up yooooo
I miss my boyfriend
I just had the worst dream ever
My boyfriend passed away and all I did was cry, it felt so real like I was in
And it gets worst every time
you should be, I straight up was in denial
So who replied then deleted. What ddI you want to say
She shouldv gone last week
Sometimes I want to read a good book, but then I have to remember that I barely have any time to do other things lol
My baby sister turned 18 today... old asf
These look really good Tibz.
The Gods allowed him to
Chronic pain, grief and old age SUX... I miss too many parties, events, get togethers, etc... I'm so sorry once
I wanna to go on a date
I DIDN'T ASK YIXING
Why SD have a Waffle House?
She Wet She God Damn My Little Butter Pecan Yeah She Got A Tan
aw i have the same phone as zayn malik how cute
Craving for taufufa
this is so painful waaAahhh
My nigga shut it right down if I ever try publicizing our business Lmfaoo. this the first
That's some good numbers.
FOR A MAN
B-but why lay here?
If does not play losin control in atl gonna lose my mind a whole mood and a must.
Nobody was even thinking about that btch
so close to just forgetting about studying for uni so that I can watch this episodes
My sister Nicole need some models for her class free she just asking that yu tip the student
not ok at all you my only friend you not allowed to leave without me
Reality - she sits on her phone on Snapchat message the entire time and forgets her bank card
I wish I knew about it omg
nothing i hate more than when Dunkin FUCKS up my coffee
I am too
astalavista wendy shay
bad energy wizkid skepta
lovers rock kk fosu adina
knack magnom
particula
sick af I hate it
hungry this am but I want to cook!
Wowwwww. Wtf why did they end this
i will be in one MARK MY WORDS!!!
Why she so beautiful?
I thought that was SJP
My boy makes 5 this week! Omg! He was JUST a baby!
It is only for 1 chapter may iba pang kailangan i-review aside dun
AND it even cold , cold YET fr but we was so ready for it to get cold
A nigga took care of me 2 years str8 it was the worst ... thinking he can control everything I do
I promise going to be this headass and give a damn
omg I know the best
And lashes
Runtz one of the coldest strains
trynna have sex sex
blew that hoe up
Only thing that motivates me in the morning to get up for work is getting coffee
i don't even remember when i fell asleep last night i was tired tired & still is
I need it
Wait no... I like Luke. Them big eyes. on episode 4.
He strong ass hell I wanna throw a dollar his way
about to turn my heat on so cold.
I need to experience an Avril Lavigne concert before I die. The little girl in me neeeeds it
Lord knows I feel like doing anything with my hair
I just wanna relax alll the time an my bf just always wanna do something
last night i had a dream i met i mf wishhhh
The fact 26 and iron is horrible to me
can i join lol
Real depression hours starts now. Our kind of people.@raeyan16
I really do miss zarreya I seen her in weeks
I hate the market
can you give us a stripped version of Empty Space or am I asking too much? pretty please
Just found a paper I did last year ago that applies to the same topic I'm supposed to turn in tonight. thank you Lord.
this gave me a chill down my spine but so accurate
I miss you too babes
the best
I WILL never be able to repay my mom for anything done for me
Shtz my inner exol is screaming ot9 teaser concept is out!!!! but first look at kaisoo yazzz love terox and the
This is such painfully safe music
When I say I can taste the steak from Texas road house on my tongue man I wait , I been craving that and long horn
I gotta go get my rope chain shined, my papa gave this to me I let it fade
I need to go
I need to go to the mall and to the grocery store I feel like doing either
I just want a big ass glass of ice water... with crushed ice my day would be made
I cannot wait to get these tips soaked off my nails today
i wanna work at moes again i loved that job loll
Lmaooo last night was a damn movie new city new bitches new dicc riders New opps allat
Family day we taken Bentley to get a Halloween costume && pumpkin patch && out to eat to cold for my princess to be out
Only thing that motivates me in the morning to get up for work is a promising cup of coffee
Oh god I just want my nails to grow
This be anymore real
When sleep is free you can buy book and not have brain to read it
You answered me once and I bookmarked it for when I had money to buy stuff but now gone Do you
So much pressure, why so loud?
Dawg the man run all the way back for the rabs inno! I rel like it I vex I fall asleep last night and miss it
Man who is cute >>>> handsome. fight me
Kane is asleep and I genuinely miss him
We both know that's not the truth. How should I explain that to Daddy. What I'm supposed to do now. I don't
xhislilox: ohhsoovivrant: This one makes my pussy throb A treasure box like that
Marry him bitch
I reallyyyyy want to dress my hair! just so nervous about doing it.
Finally getting home after a long night
man i miss these days of MW2 where the lobby starts goin wild
My baby has a fever
This is my dream vehicle
I always forget about the itchy part of getting a tattoo want to rip my arm off
M-My man
Thanksbaby I rly needed this
I need a press write up for this upcoming release.
are your friends even friends if they don't attack you with accurate observations
Ready to go home
Haven't seen Santorini pictures in a week,we bless God
I just woke up cause I was dreaming of eating a bowl of cereal lord let there be cereal in this house
CUTEEEE!!! BABYFEVERR HAIS
I always vote on insta polls by accident, soz Hun not a bitch
Nail shop 2mw so excited cos been 4eva since I had my nails done folk. I want my fav to do em but I wait til Tue.
I think I just realized I was fat I just weighed myself , Bam , 90 KG , my basic , normal , weigh is around
sound like somebody cutting down trees outside but every time I look out the window i see a soul
I be wanting to dye my hair, but then I see how healthy it is & change my mind
He is everything described in this
so tired
its been a while, gHad schoolworks and projects are stressing the hell outta me
I love relationship
I had a blast for my weekend but wishing one more day for me to sleep all day
Mod 1 class completed with a B not bad for my first online class..
Man I want to go to the beach again
i am so hungry i eat in the morning tho
sis I texted you
This shaku on the beat aswell stuff is no longer funny
Can we forget it now
My baby giving me the blues no more after this
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA TITA TAMA NA
Can I just have a frrrresh start already
Missed
Been up all night playing fortnite
My Mom Making Me Dinner When I Get To Chicago
Being anemic and the cold weather mix at all
Gosh
so positive and productive on
but why does this slap, amen
At the beginning it was a struggle
Headache, body aches as my body started to detoxify itself
Now on my last
i spent too much of my time this morning looking at the social media of lesbian couples and now tengo ganas de casarse con alguien
she my OMG A VIBEEEEEE
|| hi this video is so FUCKING HOT. Tony is so gorgeous
Currently me but making it
Ooooo staaap! I miss your face so much
always trying to go to chic fil a on a Sunday.
SICIERTO
sucks having no connect up here
I want breakfast rn
so backed up giving me a headache and chest pains
I really need to stop looking at apartments until I have my RN license. Cause my fingers are twitching to sign a lease
Getting ready at my girls house, she made me chorizo con huevos y frijoles hasta me calento las tortillas I deserve her
STOOOP i know tired of me too
My alarms just be looking at me
Work goes by soo slow when that one sound person at work isny in
You feel Lonely not when no one cares about you , but when someone you expect to care doesn't care about you at all ...
so ready for thanksgiving break so far away but so close.
When the wedding is so lit you miss your flight home
I wish God blessed me w the talent of doing hair because being a black girl w natural hair & barely knowing
i cant rn take one tomorrow
I wish was in Atlanta sick I need u to come over ...
had the best dream omgggg
omg Liz been too long thank you && we definitely need to catch up sometime !!
Cena back when his username was wwejcena
That would be lit
Same as fuck and now bringing my ass to church
We stayed at my moms
Well finally! Not in those deep balls though
Oh fam....22hrs saf will never be enough
Driving to Mean's house is CHALLENGING especially at night bc so many cars & i have night blindness
oh wow , tell me some i know
i stg im so tired of being tired
I'll be 9 months pregnant on my birthday I highly doubt I'll do anything but I want to
Lord Jesus I need to order these backdrops right now
I have tweeted it if it was a lie
Pls dont cube are shittier these days
I really got this 1-10 today
My phone slowly but surely breaking
hate
you
you hate me, you be talking to me right
I hate how right
i have three classes to attend tmrw
even worse. be problem when I want to come back. Next time
def goals traveling with the ones you love
ion feel good this morning
Send me songs. new to this
Versace cut up with them sneakers
I really wanna cut my hair again
His tv is on the floor the shoe boxes that were by the door were blocking the door surrounding the tv so
got a shot in both cheeks and they sooo sore
Weed becomes legal 1 whole day ago... police checks start happening down the street from my house today.
My back is actually killing me
Fuck drugs you ever been addicted to a nigga that YOU know is not good for you
sooo ready for Christmas music
I might reopen my ovaries
Omg stop you gunna make me cry
I do this to myself almost every damn week. it now looks like freaking shit because of it too
the same age as my dad lmao
This nigga aged terribly
when will first pearl uploads hq pics again
I just paid for expedited shipping but that shit was a extra $20
finally in my third trimester. Thank ya Jesus!!
Like bro we know you a real nigga gotta preach every minute lol
why my son just get up and look out the window like he tryna see what the weather like or some
my bff should get a twitter
That plate up there nau
Can only mean one thing tea's ready
I was so tired last night
I wanna meet u please come to the uk, London
My King
so sad mauve lipliners are gone they were my absolute fave
only on day 4 of 10
Going in the belly of the best today - Grenvale and Oropune. Allyuh I doh think I ready nah. Gawm But!
He looks so good tanned I cannot cope my vagina is having a panic attack
man boring asf they not lit enough for me
somebody make a a Facebook ion feel like doing all dat
Our power went out last night, and got to work this morning with no power also. ITS LIKE 39 degrees outside
But you know what just because I realy want to be ugly and fat at 40 years old ( if still alive )
Sheesh! Jenna just now telling me?
Lmao. Said the same thing to a colleague, but from November though
I thought bank charges is cancelled? Won ti ja 52 naira mi o
I need breakfast
I seriously wait to do my makeup for hoco
soo ready for Christmas movies
Every time time for me to get up & go to work this nigga pulls me in tighter then be like I want you to go
I change my room around even more like I always be thinking of new ideas for my house and getting bad now
Who's the most wifey material in the gc ??
Louis will never notice meee
I honestly wait to graduate from this class. 3 more weeks.
I went out last night i need a drink
I always get thicker in the summer
thanks girl xx
Really need to start my lil business back up. just so hard doing that & school, & work.
Yeah but idk about Non edible
yesssss. Every Girlfriend me now please so I can do 1-45 for her
Let me roll up and get myself together
i cant wait to spend new years with my boyfriend.
Me too
too full to sleep or do anything that leads to sleep
This whole house shopping thing is stressful having good credit was the easy part!
Still started any tips you learned??? Other than starting 7 years ago?
Let me know when you find out
I wanna go on a trip. Either a cruise to tropical places or somewhere with snow.
Working out is honestly tiring blergh where can i buy a perfect toned body else than surgeries
Imagine??..All in the name of free media..My left foot!
I love elephants, I want one
What the Human rights violation is this
thank god she updates quite frequently + lots of gf aesthetic pics i guess that will help me to fill
bitch if i ever got a handwritten love letter from a nigga... omg
Ima go back to school just to do marching band again lmaooo they even did the choreo
I want one of these sir.
I felt
I want a colored wig
Growing wisdom teeth has to be of the most painful thing there ever is out there. too old for this.
I only desire a pumpkin patch visit.
mom is having us for lunch and she made one of my favorite Korean dishes because I passed my NCLEX
Can I still call them
This irregular size bothers me
That sicko mode video is something else
Yes this shit dumb it be foreclosing my apps & everything & always overheated if on it
Let me enjoy my boyfriend before the girls come back
They all look so hot
I used to have so many friends
THIS IS SO CUTE !! BABYFEVER !!! OMAIIII STOP TWITTER STOP !!!
Quiero ir a kathy's waffle house
Damn my wisdom tooth growing and n got my cheek fat ashit shit no joke
I love Moneybagg so much
Using lotion to tame fly always cause running out of all my hair stuff at the same time
Why!!! am I so anxious lately
I get aggravated way too easily
would love to but I need the money
Imma fall for it every time
aml tour was incredible we need another tour
Losing now Arnie would be devastating. I even want to think about that!
huhu body pls cooperate di pwede mag absent absent this week
Do you remember where you were the first time you saw the love of your life? yeah, It was my senior year of
hard staning multiple groups :| my heart gets stepped on every minute
Kapoy hang in there!
She make I stress sef.
I heard she real life crazy ... like her past fucked her up
Left my first ever set of retainers in Phuket and just a few moments ago, I accidentally broke my second set. wHAAAT a great job
I mixed that dark and clear last night in ONE CUP then they was not letting us take our cup in so we drunk it all so hurt rn
I need new paints. I miss canvases
wait to go back to dubai just because starting to get cold there
I hate a hold the flush down ass toilet
You toast and pour back in the bottle? Some things just make sense
Travis Scott SNAPPED he said, BabyMaMa covered Forbes GOT THESE OTTER BITCHES SHOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Periodddddddd.
So Picky When It Comes To My Child if they got what I want I want it
Damn i was rey get it too i think imma wait a lil longer now
rarely get off on Sundays and god it sure feels good to have it today
new baby daddy new PLEASE this is a REAL DAD.
Why you mentioned princess name?
that hurtttt
why is growing out an undercut such an ugly process
You might want to take him out your team
I swear to god none of these soft ass scrubs handled the shit talk that took place.
$20 & I want my $ back
happy birthday to my man u never fail to make my heart flutter,, i luv u my love scenario but u r hottest
Wish I was there
Anderson really said she reminded him of gru from despicable me oh geez
I like wine and not drinking or smoking so sobriety for me.... wow this is sad
I'm flattered, but the answer is CLEARLY ceris
Losing Arnie now would be devastating. I even want to think about that!
My campus' Halloween party is just around the corner and I still haven't figured out what to wear.
You know too much
kurbel semua anakmu base
I need food & a massage
am scared King B singing song ubabakhe ala
You think you can survive the Watch the new trailer featuring at
jealous asf my brother is going to a music festival in Miami next year
Why did I agree to work this party today? I better get a good tip
The item I want all-day
The jaw
been having apartment fever real heavy lately
my heart look at his smile at the end. We make him the happiest (Not my video)
Being funny and getting comfortable with it
you already know i missed your ass so much dude
the <> sisters are going hell
But glad I stopped doing that
why is he so handsome
I need a mf blunt
The fact that I can HEAR the wind and not having a hurricane
And then tomorrow Vettel will choke again.. goodbye Ferrari
they had the nerve to show reiner and bertholdt then end it
Nooooooo! And Rich suspended
Lord, please let something bad happen.
When your dad beats you to church so he has you sitting in the dead front
Jr already got a lil cough too
This app is so stupid but ima miss talking to fos everyday when he goes up
I got a nasty ass hang over
Amir wrote me plenty letters & poems . & drew pictures of us
looouuissss what do you think about giving me all of your old vans? pretty please
Gutted working Halloween so I take the boys out trick or treating
chopping my hair off again today
I agree bro but I put sugar on them too
Meanwhile Colby over here making guns out of
Nothing is worse than texting the wrong person
I need a family
Cant wait to listen the whole album
Why would you unblock your twitter you know mfrs gone try you
Wish I was coming home to a home cooked meal , so hungry
gotta pay rent soon DAYUM
Tell me about it idk who tf I am
really trying to find a remote second job. Where they at?
I got so much homework to do!
cant wait to see my mfn bestfriend again
Man who you telling out at the movies missed the damn game
same daddie goodluck to us!!
I got so much homework to do once we finally get back to school
Chicks are crazy
I feel fat again.
Multhanoma falls, skinny, beautiful but too tall for instagram.
Shout out to for the editing help.
San ba pwedeng bumili ng time machine? I badly need it
Yes I am. It is so cold and windy
S H A M E
the thing that B.A.P & Babyz are facing an uncertain future, scare me.
I want my own man
I hate this time of yr... my hands stay ashy no matter what
glad I had this support from my mama while in college. She listened to every complaint and wiped every tear
Kpop stans are a bunch of poo poo heads
I love the day daytime NyQuil tastes I could drink that shit like juice
Don active today
Nothing! & I mean nothing makes me happy like being organised
My mom is always dragging me out the house
I dunno . skeptical about people changing their creams to cream . Especially when not organic. Just be safe
Not gonna take that chance!
u dont have to do this to me
Could do with a month of sleep after this weekend
Halfway done first sem hope this second half is better than the first
I realllyyyy need to go to the hospital
My city has dealt with too much pain I sit back and wonder will it ever stop.. RIP to a community friend
off again tomorrow ima call in thou.
i honestly know where it is i saw it on my tl but save it if i find it send it to you!!
I just wait to end this
Thank you!! Weeks of moisturizing paid off
It really was babe The excitement?
Mfs love speaking pregnancy on me cause always having cravings
getting treated to breakfast
Omg Gael wtf so rude
I think we should open this case up
I have so many of my youtube subs to catch up on
i mustve left it somewhere in school and its prolly in the frikin sdfo now u kno what keep it id rather
4:30pm. My body clock thinks a 11:30pm
My belly is growing so much I feel like a whale
I'm literally still shaking omg imagine when the subsequent teasers drop
I even sleep in on my days off I be waking up at 9 am
This is a No though!!
I miss you too bitch
I just want someone who will listen to me while I talk about my day
Everton are minging to watch
Same - nearly Halloween and wearing shorts. SHORTS. IN OCTOBER.
I need to come over your house because I miss my sissy, just super tired tho.
these eye shots are making me think of pathcode
Must be nice
just a few more days I worked so hard 4 this shit! showing off. just a forewarning. (in a classy way tho, of course.)
YooooBut remember that was a like yoooooo we in there type & it still meant someone was fighting
This man is just
Dont need to reply it all cause we're chatting like...... no time? and everywhere
Forever bias wrecker!! Wellp mamsh
I had a nice weekend. tired as FUCK
Sunday off of work and so excited
Good Night.
Mad asf not home to meet my nephew! I wait till I get to see him and hold him
Back to school again tomorrow for that sh*t clearance.
I literally went to sleep right before 4am and was back up at 7:45
All I can say is she could dance
exhausting being exhausted all the time even for no reason
In uber listening to on 103.9 her accent
IM REALLY CRYING HERE, I LOVE THIS FAMILY SO MUCH HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANBIN
My problem at the moment
Same smh
I neeeed someone to cut my hair.
I always crave chick fila on
I wish I had a car so I can make some breakfast
I need in
I waste no time clocking out
trying. Lord knows be happy when all over.
3. gay and ready to play
in love with this weather
On a Saturday must be in the daytime
Baby Kristopher
Chills
really needa pick your friends wisely last night helping a girl off the floor drunk, embarrassing
If this accurate
I will. ASAP
This weave page on IG keeps requesting to follow me im not black man
I wanna go to the Ren fest today
I can really just go for a massage right now my feet and back are so sore
Officially blocking this guy that gotten the hint. Why are people so weird/annoying? never going on a dating app again lol.
Im such a granny i went to bed at 9 sumn last night
sad I see billie live
it's 5pm
My mouth is reckless but I have a heart
All I do is listen to Aiko
Sheesh aww damn well we can hit the gym together after the babiesss lol
I got so fucked up last night
I want them so bad
less than a month until we move to Greensboro
Even me gotta pretend cause he playing with my baby
Its so cold
just our fkin luck that our flights been delayed AGAIN just wanna be as snug as a bug in a rug in our bed with the doggo and some snacks.
hindi, yung bwisit na possession of blablabla bwisit e
Sunday football over, football game next month ruined the laughs and arguments an mini vacays done for
I seriously do not know where I get the courage to wear "short shorts" ko kasi. The weird looks that I am getting
Cooking my Sunday dinner now... tryna get my life in order
I just want my boo
Lmaoo most def
I really felt like I was in church fully tuned in.
Send money
honestly cant wait to get a house just to decorate
Females that can sing
a Sunday morning, I have to go to church since I went last night, but I still manage to wake up early why I sleep in lol
Is erasing cancer a new trend ?
they needa bring back blitz too
Walked outside a nifga tires flat
My back is killing me
Literally vaya dieta.
I ate subpar y my face es not fuckin having it
I just wanna go home
this is so embarrassing. imagine being in the top 5, singing Irreplaceable and Beyonce's dad is right there kodwa ucula ifuck
wow sehun
i fcking love this family so much hAPPY BIRTHDAY HANBIN!!!!!!
Workout time
Oh hell naw
Why are we closer to the year 2030 than we are to 2000?
You close but not really sis
Finally it's paying off I'm literally glowing
i still regret not going to school when tyler shaw visited. i really like his music.
Bald spot
Legit think I'm gonna detox after Westfest and through all of November. I don't feel healthy, maaaaaaan down
Ambyar ambyar
Overwoke people have a name in Igbo language. They are called "Nwoke"
Not the same nigga.
woke up with a headache
Baby i can NOT deal with this for the rest of my life no sir, no no ham
Damn Niko is really the man out here
Today gona I think it was too high for him.
O.M.G. Who let me drink till 6am this morning thank goodness for room service & bloody
but i dont want to miss it!!
wait to travel
Fuck if I didn't have to go on a train I would have finished another veddie fuckies drawing
so tired but have so much work to do
Fuck I was trying to go to sleep earlier why u gotta drop things at midnight Korean time when that's 2am here
Brandon Ingram is so fine
I did not wanna work last night at all..... i just leave my people hangin.
The irregular sizes bother me
You alone I think the guy in the hat that haunted Luke scared me even worse
Ima be in the house on thanksgiving I have my living room outfit cause not taking baby girl over no ones house yet.
Yep... I got one coach
Yeooo trying to get a piercing ASAP
What's the best cure for hangovers? Someone help
I want to go on a mini raid trip
wat a bad decision to leave my clothes until I come back after game to fold so tired to even move
I want these Post Malone tickets for NYE more than anything but too adult + responsible to buy them
not gonna lie I understand paying for with money
I think shoplifting as a concept is a brilliant solution
Every time jessie calls I forget what I need to tell him I need to start writing shit down
I wait to go to the pumpkin patch with Zac
sell my soul to be the shade under your umbrella
HAAAAY i miss u both WAG KA NA MAGTAAAMPO babawii ako, i loooove u booooth
I then alcohol got the better of me
Everytime I see this video I just wonder how this person is still alive after being this close to him
to the people that have a cute side profile, or just any cute angle: fuck off
late night calls please
No I've even bribed him to wear it by giving him candy and he still won't take that trade
And lost her good style
IM 10000000% SNATCHED I MISSED YOU SO MUCH ZHANG YIXING
Woke up sick
Why do Betty and Jughead have to be so perfect
I need to get something to eat
truly so supportive so blessed
getting a cold WHY?!
A nice line up with a side of salt and pepper beard and realistic dentures whew Chile
Oms I want all the smoke when it comes to my brother
So much energy why is everyone dead
always remember us this way
I mostly mute words containing korean contents so maybe that's why I rarely see you no offense but I
i don't want to date with him so i ask him to go to school instead of go date
My first love is my last Never felt this way about a dude before And he ever dealt with
who is this
Making all these plans with no car
I wish you loved me x Tynisha Keli
Sold out as fuck
tried to search twitter for more accounts like + wit no luck not allowed to change
having a ot9 comeback
5000 Friends & I See Da Same 15 Ppl On My TL Aint No Shuffle Button On Dis Bitch
I really want to see her get fucked by a big black cock
Pleaseeeeeeee bored asf
sitting here in my towel still when suppose to be getting dress twitter such a distraction
by chaotic i only mean lucas
damn, i'm not blocked by any of them. i ain't working hard enough
I want NOBODY else, baby I want JUST U
1130 & I only got 23% oh hell tf no ready to go
Both my NFL teams on a bye this week!
6 figures he was only 4
I hope my future daughter is blessed with my curves
1400 Friends & I See Da Same 15 Ppl On My TL Aint No Shuffle Button On Dis Bitch
But I had to wake up early na
I need to and stop playing
Lol so am I. mean it create one hell of a bulge.
Oh nahhhhhh
Just wanna relax when I get off
let me take my ass to annapolis
so pumped and Ghoul is Coming Back
Boredom is winning this weekend
And I hope they have the air on at home
Birthday in 2 weeks going to be 21 again
The green one go hard too though so many decisions lol
AYE!! I'm coming to the DM baby. pls don't forget to on the AC
I think time to let those pants go and throw away that small ass beater i had on last night my stomach was
Proper Sunday feels the day... 7 needs to hurry up so I can be finished work
I forgot how hard the soul tapes were omg
I never want to get a credit card again, ugh this people petty!
I was deadass thinking of naming my child Berlioz I love Disney, plz leave me alone
too obsessed with my kids
sunny I miss you thank you so much!!
I have yet to order from there but I have heard hard to find dresses that fit well for like xs and super tiny
Nothing
First it was just pot roast until Brody Funz added the seafood so lit on this good ole Sunday
either about to piss my pants
Or completely dehydrated. no in between
Ima gone and take that one
such a lovable guy
tryna do this w somebody
Hella not ready for this week, can it be the weekend still?
I was looking forward to eating Estella's and fuckin closed. This is true heart break today.
wrong for this
This color go too crazy
I Want Chicken Fajitas
& spray it with their perfume
Bruh! I done shook back!
warte bitte noch 2 Wochen boy
Accepting new friends applications lmk if interested
Nigga wrote me talking about God send me a her this what you want babyyyy!
trying
Ever so sleepy your eyes open but your body still in bed
Today I just wanna sleep whole day..
I really want to quit drinking but fuuckk halloween is coming up and i cant be sober dressed up as a cow
I may have fucked up my knee some more
Supposed to go to a pumpkin patch today ..but I have ZERO energy
I need me a sexy ass Metagross
Man what so tired
idek what to say. i just want to thank him for everything. the best leader indeed
He looks so damn fine miss my baby Bean so much
A lot of people understand me because this is exactly who I am
No Glasgow deliveries? that would have made my day.
if you were on kakaotalk you wouldve seen them way earlier
Used to love this
I worry too much
i miss baby rock already
Pulled a all night flight
Finally i was waiting for this video
never drinking again. That is all.
Just trying to have wingstop today
Goodmorning thank God for waking me up. Had the best sleep last night I had in 11 days since hurricane Michael
i have work at 1
Teach me
Yeah but I get off at 3:30 to study for my midterm
us2 ko ng ice cream
Even tho this person has a history of abandonment issues...I have enough emotions for this lol
Its okay Bestie
wait until lunch
weird for thinking behavior like this is normal
Hobby lobby has wedding stuff on sale this week
But the LV vest
64 degrees here and we have fans & the ac on
I wait to see Kyas cake
i'm just so tired of having a country that always make issues kahit di naman inaano
Thanksgiving me puhhhhhleaseeee
I need those crushed velvet uggs yo
hey I know that you were in Madrid yesterday?
too fucken early! why did I agree to this partido?!
be angsty please
I wish I was like you are see me, but no one loves me irl so
but I have you so it's okay
Lol me
It's making me be inconsistent with my diet
I want some breakfast now
Wahhh!my two fav. setters
I am so done with being pregnant now, Baby Benz hurry up
Even tho I can lowkey fade the fair but the thought of fair traffic, the crowd, and them damn strollers
trying to cancel an account with plusnet is giving me a headache
too young for a baby
too young for a baby
When find the answer letme know! This is also me! Bae frustrates me with this
scary but got the police involved
Yo 2
I really was looking good last night & I even take a picture gotta get more confidence in myself.
My face clearing up. My eyebrows almost back thick. Winter treating me right
goodluck to us later
I wait until I get fine again I feel like a Big whale
wait
Yes man I wanted to cry watching Tay run up and down the court
IF you replace May that will be so! If not guess
Left my glasses at home
the mullet is so bad SM cut it off in a 30s video
anw, im so excited for the comeback aaaa
I miss my sister she funny asf
Last night was definitely coo but toniiiight is gonna be even better
really misunderstood
I was obsessed with the whole outfit when this song came out
wow.... this an overload of thickness
I wanna quit my job and just make beats for a living
Preorder while at it
Amazon:
Toooooo cute
I love my purple layout but I'm very tempted to change to a red one because its my fave color
when will i be pretty?
cold outside
Location is my favorite song
Story of my life
i want some steak and onion gravy mashed potatoes and sweet corn and rolls
ive got a buttload of games I wanna buy on my next paycheck but no time to really play
Heartburn sucks
fuck can someone tell them
Damn , I think I just came
love bein called mami or babygirl
Somebody come play BO4 on XB1 w me. None of my squad is on
My stomach hurting so bad, thinking bout everything I ate yesterday
He must be packing with a mean mouthpiece cuz a whole damn 15 years
a scooter to da ankle
In church hungry I cooked breakfast
I wanna go to Papas & beer
Can I go home
here for Winnie and Wiz
Both
Bitch mine too
mikeeeooooo . Happy birthday big bro enjoy your day turn up be safe
That weather last night was no whore it was really cold asf
lol all so cute
An architect
I just watched a whole Disney TV movie with my daughter. That shit was awful I need to go watch the Joe Budden
Yooo every time I get to a point where saving money and have a good plan. My moms ask me for money
. &&& him kissing you after you just bless em
wait for my Mavazi sweatsuit
I swear my babies will always be wearing a onesie bc they are so fucking adorable
Still not ready for you, Monday.
Yes me too
he looked so good last night
I want some food but sick & I wanna get up and cook
Man Dallas is calling me back
I gotta get energy to take this drive back to Hammond ya girl tired
def in the mood for cuddles right now
Same here
Can I still call them
I wish
Miss this city so much been over a year so pretty
What I've done
I want tortilla soup
She 23
AANAJSJS I LOVE YOUDJDJD JUST TAKE MY HEART ALREADY!!
No cigars
I know what made me wear pumps in this weather. Let me go home & pull out all my boots
It really is
I think i done had a allergic reaction to something
I want somebody to vibe with
so like Twilight is playing at the movies today and Tuesday and I wanna go
never related more lol
wow can these next few months just fly by
comel nak mampos lah ngko ni eee geram nya nak cubit je
Can someone please give me Louis access I'm ready to suck anyone's dick
Today I got my first patient, my little sick baby journee
Hey you people are lost your credibility in this ad
I AGREE. I MISS EXO-M. i dislike solo stans.
Just want a boyfriend to bring me tango ice blasts and spoon me when hungover only Sundays tho be
Someone buy me some food
I want to eat a bunch of pillows rn
wow thank you for following me! beautiful!
god i miss them
jealous and upset of people with CP 3000 pokemon dominating the gyms. How am I supposed to compete?
I Wait To Look Good Again Lbvs , Wait A Good 2 Weeks
After wearing a black wig yesterday I want black hair again
are drags but you in & out
Hopefully Friday I can get the Iphone X
in here tryna be for the Witness ppl to leave. But Ava keep on making noise
How you look this good sleep
cold asf outside
ready to put my head down and sleep with no disrespect to the pastor
I literally only EVER want chick fil a on sundays
Your links to Instagram seem to be working
Literally me rn
Mouth Gonna Be Killing Me Tomorrow IM NOT READY
I really hope Yanga kills it
This is such a difficulty song wow
So exhausted I wanna go to work
Homies classic u know u a demon when u gotta change ya name to
I just wanna get back in my bed
This is so appalling that I actually agree with for the first time ever.
Stuck between staying at central and transferring to WMU
always hungry at this hour
feel this on another level
This the best $200 I ever spent.
legit!! where do I find myself a man like him huhu
this is so beautiful i love elephants so much
Hahahah i feel the same!
Act Normal after we fuck please
Part 2 of horror movies watch
Holland just watched About Time which is one of Tae's fav movies and I haven't watched it yet
Not really. But soon
Daddy is coming today and I be able to go bcuz be at work
God I wish that pumpkin was me
busay ta pleaseeee Ig sembreak
I need me some good fic im so bored
It wass..heh poor paul i hope happy now
tryna be smart with packing... but being conservative in the heat what i do
But grateful thank you Lord
Ridiculously cold
SAAAAAME. THE ARMPIT THOOO
When you find out lemme know too sis
"Male Friend" aww shit....here we go again
the more we touch the more it starts killing
5sos is in 2 weeks and i even know or gonna get home
This headache gots to GOOO
This man flu is the worlds worst case EVER.
BABE
I really need to sleep I must go out of town at 5.30am tomorrow but I'm too excited and can't sleep because
I still have videos from day on my Facebook the blackberry quality though
If only I could shaku. It would look so sick with these
Anyway, the perfect day to night set.
Blonde Yixing they look good
i need to go finish my Trigonometry exam but really happy ;; preordering the album this Friday!
how the media always acts i really understand why they are still having a place here
this fye.
nvm, I got my transcript fixed
Uhhh I need my bestieeee
my head hurt
im strugglin
I'm not going to be able to watch the race live tonight somehow going to have to avoid everything
Tryna figure out where you find people like this
need to let go of my cutie polish and long nails
not yetttt
soooo my whole apartment is COLD. trying not to run the heat but shit.
a/c 179999 no internet
proud TB
My whole body aches
What your leg will look like after a great leg day workout
Who know black? really weird af
Never thought get back into the bad habit of biting my nails so hurt, was doing so good for 4 months smh
jarred comes home in 24 hours and i literally cannot wait
omg yes rest up for that dub
I need a hug
Literally
Boox ! You know we joke alot
This is is joke
Please come for me
sonnnn why is my ankle still swollen
Where tf do be finding these beautiful souls that do cute shit like this
I wish I shot blanks
I recently discovered and I've had "Hope" on repeat all morning. Speaking to my soul
I been calling this child all morning .. I bored
with a storm brewing up I can't keep up with mother nature and EXO
This headache
FLEX: Brandin Cooks or Lesean McCoy?
Hugh I wait to start traveling
mum walks in and asks what product I have used to make my hair so slick back, my answer? fucking grease. I need to sort my life out asap
my back & neck really on anotha level
|| I had an Adam and I flipped him
really sick asf
drop the recipe sis
Spending money on food that ends up being nasty is equivalent a heartbreak
I know ima nut I jst had ths crazy ass dream and now I'm ready ta trip
Yeah me too! not sure if serious or not but I am worried! I want my fic taken down
This morning my body was so stiff
I still get cuts from shaving my beard. Honestly considering to get laser treatment for this.
My friend and i are trying to leave tomorrow to camp for ohio show but i need someone to cover for me
sounds so good right now
Even with the suit Tony go still chop am
Gah I missed the 3 boots for 39.95 omg can you please do it again !!!!!
I really want a Keurig
Pasma is real
Kinda wanna buy jeans from fashion nova but idk if good quality or not??
Honestly Ghana is calling me
beautiful
I be trying so hard not to wear black when I go out but really my go to
Hey I need more HAUNTED episodes ASAP! 6 enough!!
Quiero all of garden
Girl one of the reasons for me too
country roads
/
_/||
take me home
\
||
Yall flirting with me using agriculture stuff ! Pa di tintin pa di sak pasa ! Will correct you asap
These coaches taking my whole life on sundays
I Have Over 25 Unread Dms On IG Along With 43 Dm Request , Let Me Go See These People Want
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH OMG HOW LUCKY YOU ARE YOURE HOT THO
Ready to get home, cuddle up and watch Hocus Pocus
So is mine in master
It is magnificent. Truly
Care to join me ? We can push play at the same time and sub
be on my other acc screaming about this as always
Okay but why version of Witch Craft on iTunes?!? I need the SPOOPY VIBES
Need a bond so tight even on bad terms Im still who you run to first
If I say that I could be your one and only
promise that you'll never leave lonely
I hate being cold
AND PEOPLE STILL DRIVE DRUNK
I remember this one
cravingggg chocolate covered strawberries
Chicken Alfredo
It happen for me yet but dreading it
Someone get me James Avery for my bday
Yeah, we land around 1045 today. why I booked a flight so early is beyond me
My dumb ass was driving without my glasses the other night squinting like shit
Ours closed on Sunday
When you trying not to go crazy after you paid your way and expected to get reimbursed
man that new Halloween sure is wild
Solved it! Wow, I'm such a nerd.
Anyways, thanks for spotting this detail!
Twins ??? I can't
I get jealous of none except for you bishes that know how to coupon
Same RT Getting tired of waking up not being a millionaire
I need my back popped
tattoo shop is calling my name
On my soul thats one of my hobbies
been this happy in a long time
How does even play like that man...
going on bae
I sleep. Sajo ako ugma for school
Damn I really got nobody to love me
Best news heard today!!!
This has come up a few times now. What do know that I
Day drinking and sound so good
I figured there would have been inflation at this point.
what he said....
these late nights to early mornings
Ouuuu I wait until my sleeve finished bruh
It happens to the best of us my love
I hate men
The thought of studying is triggering my panic attacks
I will forever love Jhene music , she always touches my soul
not that easy
i wake up harmony got lipstick all over her
boyfriends that are their girlfriends number one fan. yous r doing it right
Lol yes my lil Capricorn baby smh
Khalid album is beautiful i skipped one song
I would start today but I get off until 10:00 tonight.
I miss my sister ans Bestfriend man They abandoned me and RJ
minho pun boleh weh
WAIT but they're the peter pans though (xoxo album)
/tangkap sjenejke
made chicken Alfredo
This nigga left me to go play basketball be serious
I need some more sweat pants who got me
so spoiled sickening
I really wanna crush this breakfast but I got cramps
I need the next 5 semesters of college to fly by
When i take a break gonna go all the way through that tag
I wanna look like this again
My Crazy Is On Another Level Ion Think NOBODY Can Deal With Me Wen Mad
Its what they deserve
i left church a little early and feel a little guilty, just so exhausted and i was falling asleep
y'all take this survey so i can graduate
if anyone wants to show me how much they love me today id LOVE a hot pumpkin white mocha from caribou
Wow Eva I can't believe you are such a LIAR! omg I'm disappointed
Chill
keep a food party .. only right seeing as though we are bellyaz.
I really wanna go to one of lil baby concerts
I have so much to do today man
So ready to be out on my own
So I scratched my car hella bad yesterday
I want to go to a fwea ass Halloween party
Wanna be in bed cuddled up watching movies
omgg I'll be on a plane while exo is having a showcase, I who travels by plane once in 20 years
Me kiero mover para Sharyland
your daughter mannnnnnnnn
I need to wake up early tomorrow but not sleepy yet
If one more crow come pecking at my window
last night was the best sleep I had in a long time
sitting in the hospital when im suppose to be on the clock
This almost happened in frostburg in 2012
Caedy just said, am a in Spanish. My heart is full.
These fucking paparazzi love make the oil on fire like we said. They love create rumors. Thanks Liam
How I want my gender reveal to be
Anyone else always tired? Living in a constant state of exhaustion.
I just died ... Ahmad Blew his morning breath all in my face
7th Ss playing flag fb in gym because of the rain They made the most of it and had fun. Teams that waited
Does anyone wanna go out to breakfast with me ?
i wait to be home
we all been there.
I want a GROWN man
Need my car washed and vacuum before I leave
I miss nights like that
Nge gas ihh
I forgot to plug my phone up last night
I want to have more nights like last night
costume party and i gotta work
I want more breakfast klub
*caramel or whatever color this is
Last day of vacation I will remember this amazing week for the rest of my life!
Maaan this single life is not it I want somebody to love me too like genuinely all my peoples have
so embarrassing omg... someone close to her please tell her to stop
Oh hello well what it is Still love this photo been that bad however have the evidence the wife going
This has just made ma Sunday how cute
not ready for where One Piece is going rn the stress...I need it
I really need to go grocery shopping
If i don't get thru these mid terms... This will be me forever
fast forward to saturyaaaay
Cam someone kidnap him and tie him on a bed
Done with today already working Sundays suck!
finally someone who agrees with me It's just not yx. The gait and body type is not him
I had made plans to go out with him tonight for coffee and all but he is long asleep. what a waste.
*they are
dont beeee. just rest well and be healthy
bye yall i have so much shit to do i need sleep
None of the jerks in this house will bring me coffee after I have text them like 50 times I got they ass tho
I want brunch
I need some custom outfits made for my birthday but having a hard time finding reliable designers that I know fuck my shit up
I never have time to do my makeup for church
This wind no joke
I just realized I take one picture of my outfit yesterday
TO MANY SHOTS WAS POURED LASTNIGHT
I need to see
W A I T I N G . .
been doing a slow cleanse since last night. This shit is beautiful everytime
wow I miss one direction
how could they write notes as neat as these?
(ctto)
I want a dog so bad & a turtle
Woke up and regretting I wore shorts to bed last night
LeBron though...sooo weak
WHERE ARE THE JIM PICTURES OF THAT BEHIND THE SCENES?? MY PHONE SUCKS WITH SCREENSHOTS
back to the time when so fuckin hard to find pants that fit right sembreak, willpower pls
Girl still on thirds
Sucks
Wish I could go to this, my dream lineup
If not your beautiful selfies your nice food
Somebody come wash my hair
Off website. not gonna like what my end shipping costs are gonna be cause I use a forwarding service
Woke up with a slight headache
Mannnnn you making me wanna go now I too wanna eastside stomp
The only twerking video, I aprove of Like damn mami, those moves be BOMB af
My man literally hugs me 24/7 while I'm sleeping. I don't be wanting to get up for work
staying in my cozy warm bed
a video on Facebook of this girl at the county yesterday releasing heart balloons
The one person I need right now kinda fell off the face of the earth
These cramps seriously feel like birth contractions
My dumb ass left a word out Chris Paul is LeBrons godfather. So your kids godfather vs your teammate
So am I crazy to say I miss this I need to get back on the court
My baby needs to wake his ass up
Damn he makes me feel 16 again.. I still get butterflies sometimes.. my pussy has a heartbeat every time I stare at him type shit .
lmfao u gotta tell this story at my wedding
really struggling with the fact that i have to actively root against for the first time ever today
when he has dogs AND he reads
I miss her so much
It is I prefer the Christmas one :-)
ugh this season of AHS is so good
I just want some breakfast from the diner
is everything i can't believe I'm just now watching it
At least he didn't say hoes
Bruh I wish
Two MV? Korean and Chinese? Please.
Yes
Just look at him
who in baltimore sell dinners
My ass
You been on this forever and always hated it
srsly,, my mind needs to stop thinking abt alycia carey ALL FUCKING DAY!!! im going insane
exo really does have korea wrapped around their hands huh
I decide on LA or Vegas for my man birthday & I have much time to decide
I keep watching this video and make myself sad each time that I have one
Why am I still sleepy wtf
This is the best version of this song, still mad it was taken down from everywhere
Just finished the Haunting of Hill House such a great series !
Everyone saying Halloween was trash
Baby I gots to get a new number
hosh and yooj i dropped all my uwus
i really wanna see that dick cheney movie
I want the dragon one so bad
G goes into the gas station and brings me back a single rose
We miss you anyway
Lol even me the wife was left, sister not alone
if i could go back in time do everything differently
I found Lee again AND she got me in here at 8:30a on a Sunday
WHAT MR PARK JIMIN CLOCKED ME SLEEPING ON THE STREET
My kind of night
OMONA OMONAA!! I CAN'T BELIEVE ~~
Where is the day going
I knowww. But bitch i been at workkkkk.
I just wait for Christmas time
officially cutting my hair today
someone finger me and feel how soaking wet i am when i wake up
why can't it be this easy
Light is off again.
Fuck that. That Louisiana mud mouth do some to me
IM GOING THROUGH IT
They Finally Up Wen Finna Leave
Bad Enough Mfs Find My Instagram But My Twitter? Bitch How Tf You Do That
Missing my sissssss thanks for putting me with me and drunk ness come back soon
Properrrr CB
It's really cold asf outside
Where the SAT good luck tweets at retaking it in November
The hangover that currently experiencing
Mind your damn business lady... I swear
i keep having this same dream lol. i'm having bestfriend withdrawals
Idk when this became acceptable in hip hop. Like girl you are a rapper
that too.. I just might go get some rn
thanks
Studying
i jus want my hair to be longer so i can put cute lil braids in it and shit
Bout to get this pedicure lol it. I want food
I be like man I try to keep my skin as clear as I can
Cried
This is sooo cute
Black women forever undefeated
Those who were waiting for some album details should now preorder
I miss u both
We are sisters
I just talked to the dumbest person from Uber
too good for the hood, yet too hood for the good
Exhausted even the word
I wanna go to the movies
Especially the first day
ha im just gonna leave it to the analysts my mind is not made for them hshshj
Bruh. Shit looked like a dv case nfs. White ppl were approaching us
how can his simple moves add so much to the choreo? my heart take this now too weak
YES and it says jshshs i cant wait for the mv and for everything this comebacks about to bring
wait till Wednesday so I can get my phone fixed
Jamaica too hot right now, I actually mind
MISS KO NA HALA
What a fitting hashtag crying at how utterly brutal, dire, boring this is
Stomach pains can fuck off
in bits
awwwww cutieeee
God what must I say in my prayers to you?
this cold is fine but my whole side of my left mouth in pain
That cake look better than bought ones
happy birthday i love you so much & i hope you have the bestest year! miss you
Zah sleeping so peacefully but I wanna wake him up so I can go to donuts
I need my laptop back
thats so sad i was excited for them to debut tgt since i was so fond of them in mixnine
iPhone done me again
These past two nights been so long
I really should be starting my final paper this semester is really about be over
not at armys asking joon to NOT release his album for free. Like..... y'all smth else .... Truly
They are so fucking cute o literally can't
i love coming to my 2nd home, soooo peaceful here and what i need peace
omg thank u my love, missing u loads, love you
Miss my bae
Ffs I have been awake since like 1:30am now coming up to 5am
will you ever follow me?
true I have an old soul I love it tho
I really wish i could of went to my nail appointment
ugh i got catfish vibes from oomf from the start my mind!
i have over 6,000 pictures & videos in my phone i swear i believe in deleting shit
I need to hurry up and get a vacuum bag. This ole school sweeping the carpet ish for me
You are making the TOVO Alumni Association proud. notify President Seriously, all credit to
I love burst bees and fresh sugar
ikrr she's gorgeous
Oomf came in my job yesterday and gave me the biggest hug I fell in love he made my day
I know I say this a million times but I really feel like going to work today
I want a bond , last forever
Me too hey
Weekends go by wayyyy too quickly dawg
Me too hey
Irritated
My grandpa have 8 boys & 3 girls
Queen, sis, where is the album
I wish I went to her concert
We "Aquarius" aren't that bad tho
Finally off tomorrow & i just want a good meal and a drink tonight
He has no one helping him especially with walker out
watched all of those
I broke my mf phone again
bring that mean nigga out of me nice ya heard me
PLEASE WE NEED MORE HQ SIERRA CONTENT
But it was about us
getting paid every week so clutch
Mine either like first of all she crazy. She ever get this mouth she gon be crazier
I always look hungover and it's funny cos I never drink am a mess
GIRLS NEED LOVE
I dont recall when was the last time i had a good sleep and rest. Short of sleep these past few days. Physically and mentally tired
Checking ur pics stressed
I need some caffeine pills are something. I just woke up and already ready for a nap.
i only know 5 hours of sleep
Is she a perm ?
Come on please
this anxiety of mine
The fact I have to tackle both my kids heads today boy oh boy
moreee pics!! ugh i love you
really play ufc on my ps4 for hours
I miss my cat so much, omg
The twitter comments about Crazy are pm praising it to the skies
They need to upload this performance to hello station asap
Omg please come take my place. Lol this is mad stuff. currently in the kitchen cooking. I can hear it Go
wish I was going to church this morning
felt this in my soul
Banana peels in the CBD are a problem man did half splits ko MTN taxi rank cos of one this morning
Heard you wanna nigga gone please youuuuuuuuuu
Right
He more laid back never had that type but adapting
Idk why I been wanting dick like crazy since I got off my period . Ummmm slow tf down horny bitch .
the power of this man alone, is enough to have me weak at the knees from something like this
I really want to go see Mumford and Sons in concert soooo badly
Tryna decide what takeaway to order when ur rough is the biggest dilemma
as soon as I get off work im cooking the BIG ASS MEAL
being single so stress free
My timeline is making me nak netflix acc cause all the movie kat situ mcm best je
someone hangout with me before i go to work
Okay you gotta pick it cuz I I have new options on my ig
I chose c section
Off 2 hours of sleep but church was a must... I refuse for this week to be like last
This is so cute
I can't keep up anymore .. Juventus did me dirty yesterday
I wanna go to the pumpkin patch
Duh who
Then done something wrong to you buyeke
To go to the pumpkin patch or not go to the pumpkin patch I hella wanna go but I really think I should.
believe my hair grew back so quick this some bullshit
I really want to go see Mumford and Sons in concert
Awww how many rts for you guys to gift me the game? I don't have money to buy it
ot9 is back
Isdina that is your hair
My nail tech had her baby. Omg I need my nails done Jesus
Had a dream that my card got declined in front of a cute cashier
Man I wanna do it so bad
mannnnn I wish delivered!!!
Oh my GOD .....faaaaaaaack...I LOVE for giving me this experience...
What an angel he is.
I know I say this all the time but Working on some really hot campaigns for the summer and I cannot wait to share
The worst decision ever made was going to Salt last night knowing I work a double today
Sir. Stop with this attitude, please.
Leaving to the airport see how the traffic is
king
This game is so bad. Quality is terrible
My weekend was so peaceful
I wish my baby would wake her ass up
Yes I get this account it until I came to college I had an old one in High School lol
so late.
Can an American invite me to their thanks giving dinner please?
What am I getting in today lol I know I need some food
Preorder while at it
Amazon:
He is. A marvelous beauty!
Mannnnnnn the beef was on
My package is in Lynn omg I wait till it gets to my house
This one is an expert oh
And also greedy! Carry 2 wallets
This song make you wan get up and dance.
Matt and I got 4 diff color paint samples for our restroom and we hate them all
my family hates cats. literally gonna have to wait until i move out.
First loves
They're taking the absolute pisssss
i need facebook to lift the restriction stop ruining my sembreak ffs
Omg whose puppy is looking so scared
The fact Sunday & listening to City Girls while getting ready
Bruuuuh rent really about to be due in a week like take my money last week. Ya gueyyyyy
This weather change gave me a cold
I still know how to manage my anger or frustration so I really try to be + as much as possible
can the red force stop attacking exo and let them escape
Beyonces dad said Nozipho might win..... watch out for her
I Go To Bed Until After 4am.
At school I worked yesterday, where was you at ?
After last night when you need them smh lol
I feel bad for not catching up with Taeyeon's tour too
Oh no
Shit that like Richarlison needs to release it quicker
Contactless on a night out is dangerous
Someone want to be a cutie and take me to Rome? all these cute couple holiday snaps are killing me!
Bitch........ homecoming is already beating my ass & it was only the first night - 1, Joy - 0
Like bad
Lord knows i hate rescheduling lash appts but today might be one of those days , so ready to get off work and go to sleep
Lmao not even finna lie I need some weed so cash app is open for donations $NyaDenae thank you in advance
7days till I leave, 8day till basic
Thanks. I was fully expecting people to be calling me a Problematic about it
I ball like a baby seeing family & baby moments . All these gender reveals and proposals just make me excited
I wish my dad was home to help me with this gender reveal I cook shit
Upset bc I get to go out of town
made my knees go weak
Shouldn't the parent disown the child--- Anyway, you have mommy Rubi to handle your situation
Champange is the devil. Worst headache of my life right now
Lord pls let this be in my future
When I found out she ODed on heroin
Fck her that loft looks amazing !!
me too
I got chills mannnn
Back to both jobs tomorrow weekends are too short
idk why I feel so drained
thinkin bout the noodles gonna eat when I get home
Me too he's keeping all of them to himself.
Only if every man in my country starts treating woman like Liam
I have absolutely no assignments due but yet I have so much anxiety bc I feel like forgetting something wtf
Me to me to and I love a Capricorn afff
I gotta get up but I went to bed at 5
It's crazy how much all of us look alike
Sadly no NYC locations but thanks LA Fitness social media team and/or very nice bot
Tried to go camping but everything was booked. My whole life
who tf does jas think she is in vegas?!
blessed to have
Damn I should have agreed to crepes 11 not 9:30....ugh
i dead cant get over the pic of that dog, it reminded me of lauryn
Never watched do you have your favorite movies ? I have some free time and know what to watch
Mine too where you been at
Preorder while at it
Amazon:
now be anxious on how I end an email at work
I passed out last night gone redo my last two nights. Since I got my energy back.
Finally have a day off after working a week straight
bitch even suck my nigga dick right he hate when ppl use hands thank me later
Tom got us massages two days ago and my back is still readjusting from it but it was so good
Same. 6:30 or 7 is sleeping in anymore
I wanna get out of bed
Someone told me the Halloween movie was trash I still wanna see it
I thought I was tripping got real fucking diamond rings on a hand necklace
uwuuuu i love that soft thing
someone drive my car to Atlanta for me def not flying back to ohio to get it pass out
....these vids are ABSO too much to handle.
LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM
When hungover I such a pig, three course meal and still fit a few burgers in after that
Anyone knows the title of the OST of movie? Huhu. HELP!!!
Why everything has to be so expensive??
i need some food
just finished Making a Murderer 2 Steven and Brendan are even more innocent than ever
Thanks for being the light to all this darkness around me
Lmao imma end up getting them all.
Im so ready to get off work and relax
I watch a Dortmund match yet & whole season I saying do better once Liverpool play ize forget it still have football tho
Im salty i just knew it was gonna be crazy
hungry but i kno what i want to eat
SAMMMMMEEE We Went To Olive Garden And The Pasta I Ordered Was Basically My Calorie Intake
conflicted I miss my doggy but I want this weekend to end
I Gotta Pay My Car Payment & Insurance
Im Boring Now i Jus Smoke Work Eat Sleep n Play my Game Tired of Gettn Into Trouble
seriously tho forever the love of my life. i told you be there through it all, worth it babygirl.
I wish I could get my nails done but I cause school/work wtf
With honors
started off the season 0-2 worst way to start the season but 80 games left to still prove that
ANIIIIII YOURE ONE OF THEMMMMM WHYYYYYY my dad keeps singing it as amanina im just here like i
When hungover i am such a pig, three course meal and still fit a few burgers in after that
I gotta start filmin
When hungover i am such a pig, three course meal and still fit a few burgers in after that
Cats = brushed
Gb revoked
I need a whole bottle of Tylenol and a gallon of Gatorade ohhhh lwwwwd.
My bed is too comfortable
Btw that Rawilson bullet header to make it 2-2 gave me all kinds of orgasm What a set piece from Elias too.
somewhere between is a GREAT mini series
Who would bust a nut all over her face?
recently had sex and i was so uncomfortable with my own body i couldnt even enjoy myself.
right honestly, he's the only one with a bright hair color and I think this is a
so overwhelmed and drained with school this semester by far the most challenging thus far but my besties coming through
I really see myself in my baby!! The older he gets I see pig & his brother
so ready for Saturday
she gon be out before get the shirts
*that . Ughhhh typo is my hobby
eeeee thank you !! i love gasoline taste
Would love to go back right about now
Sakit sangat I kenot tahan but doctor check2 then just bagi panadol omg seriously?
The ref hasnt helped, blowing up for everything but bernard and richi have been quiet! Their defence is strong.
Why have I still not been to Ghetto Golf
I be ready to see my man honey
I wanna go out so bad tonight, but I already know ima regret it
trying to be a good credit having ass nigga I need 750-800
miss my girl
I ready to drop sleep in church
I still play
wish I was going to church
meant for me to bleed out when he punches me
I definitely cried.
Thank you so much!
I just be nervous
I absolutely loveeee it there
I love his the stylist finally woke up from the dead and made effort
so precious
that angelic smile
ummm. im down as fuck. absolutely gorgeous
Yooo my oldhead really showed us a good time last night like wow
so overwhelmed and drained with school this semester the most challenging thus far but my besties coming through
That shit annoying as hell
Fuck that tired going back to sleep
You finally came to ur senses before i blocked u
I know whenever I do have a baby ima need my mom 110%
Mung diwalik thok masse
My sister/friends are so beautiful
I miss them
i want to go home
2 little girls with their dad at the shooting range and I think so cute
taena bat ang gwapo
I want another tattoo
I was up till 4, woke up rn & got a meannn headache
not him I want
Wanted to go watch him play but I already froze my ass off yesterday at the YSU game
If look like this dm me
So nervous about this following week ,
continue to wait
as expected part last yaaaaasssss
Baekhyun surely knows how to kill peps november 2nd 6PMKSTis our death
I hate when having such an amazing dream & you wake up .. like I just want to go back and live in it for awhile longer
The way Daniel Caesar sings on that so smoothly sheesh.
I want some BBQ chicken Mac & Cheese wit some Greens
Just so sad even though we can still get drunk together via FaceTime
that one is almost three hours idk if im bout that life
Thank you you came lol
But there are stories lol
Fr Tho
Chicken & what else
Ahhh I want a strawberry snow cone
not really sleepy but i really need atleast a nap
Sooo cantik!
My dick won't stop jumping up and down
dead cus NONE of them EVER met....nvm let me not. Sunday if they reading this
This. Little. Girl. Hardears.
No seriously, send
I even know that was a thing
Melvin Gordon a hoe for not showing his talents to the people of London....I also need you for my fantasy squad
I need new tires my tire has a lump
I bet he smell like a wet dog anyhow
I looked so cute last night & have no pictures to show for it
2 much buff chick dip in a nite
my mom only listens to J. Cole & Kendrick in the car. I respect it, but sometimes in my 90s R&B bag
I just had two back to back amazing dreams ugh
Hungover like fuck but what a day
really not here for my hair anymore just about done with it
frustrated too bro
I just wanna take a shower and be clean.
Ayo wentworth fucking my head up!
i chose not to get over at coming to an end instead of going insane thinking abt alycia carey for 24/7
can 5:30 come any sooner
know how use tampons
Istg she is definitely appreciated
I hate u!!!!
I enjoyed tf outta my weekend
a tough one but shady McCoy vs colts defense
Istg she is definitely appreciated
QUERO TER FILHOOO
Ahhhhh my doggg keeps on waiting for me
I really be missing my girl so much when at work
I agree i think Facebook/insta is trying to tell me something
im really hurt Netflix cancelled Luke Cage! now i know what happens to errybody
I want pancakes and I also want shrimp and grits but I don't want to cook
Kash me b hoti karbala
A baby
if this aint you
Im not a breakfast type of person but really craving breakfast food
Lord please let me get over this little cough ASAP !!! I cannot afford to be getting sick rn
Oh my god come on son!
I been without ac my house for the past 3 days...I see why girls busit open on porno movies for the maintenance man...KUZ BRUH!
STOP omg i legit met him and he was so rude
Stop it so cute
I need another new pair of converse after last night
when are they finally gonna let you come for your own USA tour
ready for lunch
I wish I was a gym head. My body has so much potential
trynna not speak of it but lowkey down inside trynna stay positive and keep my head up but soooo hardddd
I just need to drink patron anymore
starting to realize a tad bit odd
I just want to leave work
TGFAD
February come fast enough
Saturday Nigggght wit all my woes
I wish all it took
okay a good foundation for oily skin? tried everything
didn't expect na sila sila pa tutulong sakin of all my friends kayo pa blessed as fudgeeeee
Deadass ready to BODY this look
I am exhausted I'm going to spend the rest of my Sunday under my covers maybe binge watch a series until I fall asleep.
We Need To Go Back To The Times When I First Touched Down In ATL
ughh i be glad when my man come home
i need a distraction maybe do my makeup and my hair
gta strip club flashbacks
Last night was a movieeeeee
i think getting out of bed today except to take my test, i am exhausted from yesterday
Hey guys- I'm up and being all productive n stuff I will be back on later today I miss you guys
I just want some real tacos, I wish we had a kitchen
I refuse to accept this. But at the same time...congrats?
I wanna go home
got to take zy hair down, wash, and comb it
Lmfaoo I only work weekends and you text meeeee
Good Morning Folks I been up for a few hours tho
My friends are going to the Filipino festival but I bc birthday
RIP to the glade air freshener
rumor abt that
is so hot.
Baron travelling like a dream and then clatters the 2nd last
Why does my son look grown having a hard time with my kids growing up
Got that bond already
i love them both the same
The star is born is a very nice movie the song I just can't stop singing I hate the ending! But loves lady
claiming me when I claimed you ? Big jokes
Aaaaaaa so nervous for tomorrow
Literally saw this at 9:28 am without him I am sunk going Yeldon and Michel both Q. Who do I
about 25 pounds lighter now than before I got pregnant. I def feel like I wish my face was chubbier again
Actor and singer who uses slave labour . You must be so proud honey
a bitch would cry om
Slight fever from headache, amazing...
Majority of the time actually
ON GOD I THOUGHT YOU WAS GONNA KICK THAT HAS TWITTER DONE TO MEEE.
Yes. literally shaking rn
What should I do today
Say it louder for the people at the back
Steven is a video game freak .. he get bitches though & mike idk he just black af but he definitely get bitches I seen it all
Feel your pain bro..
Take you back if I was you and I did what I did I prolly
actually less these days like the last time anyways was that one guy i mentioned to you
Kdndkdkdndjdj Uniqlo is doing the mostest
Senior pics Ahh man Idk what finna do but imma look guapppp
really in love with woody McClain
Breakfast is my favorite
I think getting sick
hurt your pockets lmao
If I really like you imma wanna be touched & kissed all the time tho
i finished it
Sefond half goals abeg
God knew that and I live in the same city. He knew what he was doing
She even got me going to church manee. trynna be better for myself & her.
My homie said I could have his cus he done wit it but I never went to pick it up
bitch my throat hurtsss who let me yell like that
ash looks so uncomfortable in this photo bless him
really cold here ion think I can try them wit slides year round
somebody need to have a halloween party i wanna dress up.
He always notice
already knowing
Sufficient
for us is Allah
When is season 2 coming out????
Which artist is better?
Like for CoonYe
RT for Deadbeat Drake
I hate when I do this
awe this so cuteeeee
I'm gonna need to be driven back to Joz'burg at this point. Sleep creeping in
They already are lol
I found out on my dads side of the family that diabetes is hereditary and I have a really high chance of getting it
yea
When is dad going Back?
Say it's not true!
Got no key in my pockets!!
I really wanted to b in the city rn
Stressed
Bouncing like a trampoline
by a bit of time Daniella Pineda is absent on
twitter. We Miss You!
Lol period
I love Paige soo much
so mad I got work I wanted to go home and sleep
Ready for a new phone, Apple Watch and air pods think that might be my birthday gift to myself if things go
Definitely want my Melo Rockets jersey for my bday
i need matinong Internet
it feel so damn good outside
My knee
i want a back tat so bad
Stayed up late cookin some heat and woke up later than usual. This was my exact reaction upon reading this tweet.
Roll me up a blunt
I want to jinx this
Ur the love of my life but i am not urs
I really
Y'all saw nothing, that website is shit
broke because I touch my money
This camera is flawless
I can really eat bacon all day everyday crazy
Im surviving on 3p tho
Was pretty scary! We were outside for a few hours before we could get back in it happened on Pauls
It so much coming up
if a bitch wanna fuck my nigga at least let me join u hoes too selfish
House of Mac in wynwood
seen Manei since Friday morning everyone takes my baby from me on the weekends
I love Liam. I love that man.
hell yeah it is.. that gas $$ be rackin up after a while
This damn headache is making me sick
I turn 24 next a week today. Why am I so old
I missed being home and getting to cook omg
wow he can rap too??? ugh we stan talented king
But I can steal hear it even if a gif
I really hope I have a good day at work bc hungover af and ready to curse any and everybody out . Fuck You
so infatuated with this boy and Idk why lol
Not ready to go back to work, I have had the BEST week off
ughhh are so supportive wtf thank you mama !
Shit sucks
i just need some dick, i just need some love, tired of fucking with this lame nigga baby i just need a thug
the time i actually need to do my make up i feel like it
And just like that, finished watching Seven Deadly Sins.
Tom hardy
Idk if I wanna wear a weave or my natural hair or some braids for my first day of work
alhamdulillah, finally done with my literary analysis.
I got a hangover from hell
I want to go get my nails done
I turn 24 a week today. Why am I so old
I miss Boston i miss waking up knowing that it is cold outside .. i miss driving to Braintree mall .. i miss so much shit man
Anyone else with fibro have an overly good sense of smell???? And so many scents make me ill
see this??
Is this recent?
Mood
so annoyed. Cant believe at work today
this emoji describes my mood these past few weeks.
Aww as long as okay i be sad Sad
hayoung is now hayoung our name doesnt match anymore
I know like wow some people are so low
I find this nowhere
All I ate was some fries yesterday
Can somebody take me to a real relationship..... I got gas money
Honestly, the music, the graphics, the design... so aesthetically pleasing
really nothing to see there, if anything just cringe-worthy.
Right like constantly worried something is going to go wrong in the middle of the night!
so jealous of people who get to spend chillin in bed do owt to be home right now
Her face is actually exquisite
Imma skip homecoming for the next 2-4 years. too old for this shit
I got an access code lol only a junior tho so you should be ahead of me. If I was you be pissed
I want them all cuz I decide
Pulled up to the laundry Matt & pulled right tf off i canttttttt
I wish quiff his hair again
I wants my mans!
when you missed that Up
I hate people losing who they love
woke up to my mom cooking
having a seafood boil at my house. Lobster tails, shrimp, crab, potatoes and corn I wait to go
mad Big mouth was 10 episodes literally likeeeee I gotta wait a whole year for new ones
that person who get a good night sleep with unresolved issues with people who matter
cepatlah habis form 6
now i have Christmas fever.. i want this case
Winter coat weather
I am craving pate and zaboka
I wait to have a Lil chocolate drop son
Time has flown by
take anyone who will make an effort take you haha
Wowr I wish I could read
I want some bomb ass breakfast
Can somebody take me to a real relationship..... I got gas money
Someone buy me chicken katsu from yabu please
I want a spooky basket
Girl I even do there
Depression is real man
Enjoyed myself last night
Everybody last night kept saying I lost weight
i miss my bro so much been 2 months. times were different times were simple is it ever gonna get better?
Exo looking like a full course meal
no whipped cream?
I be having to catch myself my temper always take control
Omg these videos gave me so much joy
I just want some breakfast
Bouta drop me off cause i got the time today & i wanna go to brunch
when ur flight gets diverted
My ovaries
my face is breaking out
if you could tweet and ask on my behalf as well
i like ppl touching me i have a problem with that lmfao something is wrong w/ me
I to send this letter off
I love a shorty funny
Dance workouts are killers
I. Need. Coffee.
so tired
Our Schedules Mix We Still Hit The Strip Club Together
nah rondo fixed chris paul real quick
i want to take psychology but i don't have the chance to do so
Yes, our kids are paying attention.
What you know bout pain
Please keep your ridiculouslet uneducated statements to yourselves
On en a bouffer de ce texte
So mfn high I jus walked in my og crib like wtf I forgot her ass went o.t lastnight & I jus turnt my iPhone
done I play this broken ass game anymore
I hate how my weekend turns out to be a weekday right now
watching my videos and I just wanna go back
my cute clown
Not a good start
i jus want a bond that will never fold
just so precious
Can someone tell my crush to text me i miss you
HIS DANCING'S LINE JIMINNNNNN
already breaking out
craving a ~ Caramell ~ coffee
i need this girl on my lap or on my face whichever is fine
I need a pumpkin roll with cream cheese frosting
use to get em everyday
Every time I come to Daytona hard to find weed I hate this small town ass city
thank you beb!!
Having a job pays for my car but the issue I have is actually going to work cba I need slleeeepppp
I receive it
i done anything halloweenie this month
And Work ,Work Work
I want more tattoos sooo bad. Might go for a sleeve next time I go
And i was literally on a 3second riot till i saw this
In Miami for work and even watch the Dolphins game today.
It isssss! I watched that entire season in 24 hours
17 i was a good girl up until then
I said dismantle White supremacy
Only half fit as well
Yea my shrimp fried rice was not right
No please you need it and you will have it, I speak it into your life you are closer to getting it than you
It has been so hard to get out of bed today
So tired and tensed
just tryna make everything pumpkin spice
my little boy is sooo handsome with his haircut
I Just Need To Get Away
Ughh I just love her I wait to see her in concert
wish me a happy birthday already
I love a pair of dungars.
Did you both stay veggie?
I got faith in my weedman
please come to sg.
Done watching exes baggage, I think I cried too much
I think there was caffeine in my decaf I drank half & should throw it out- nbd but I definitely want
Me right now
Jude is the most boring man on the planet
urgh I wanna vote so bad !! really so sorry that I help but I wish your lads the
Fuck! just had the best agidi with fish pepper soup
I wish
I wish I can smoke but I
My eyes still heavy
I'm taking antibiotics for a burn on my stomach and they're actually making me feel like crap. What are the odds?!
Best movie that come out this year
Being attacked by next level laziness.
Nobody understands the chills I get when I hear the TIG chant every Friday night
Love it
I have to bus down to the store and I really want to
One for you Mr B this is gonna hurt
not supposed to eat oranges but I definitely just had one
my throat hurts
not ready
Think gunna retire from drinking. Had 4 pints and 2 porn star martinis and spewing up like a little bitch
Our third season playing together and today scored her first ever goal and I there to celebrate it with her
I was just saying thissss
Here we go again
Her pretty ass still pretty
Just realized the Pats are on national tv today, cause the lord knows I was not about to make it to the bar today!
idc what I have to do going to radiance on nye
BO4 gods clips coming along
seen beyonce & drake twice. Meeting Dom Kennedy in December I just need YG, PND & nipsey hussle
me too! coming from Ireland and have plans in the afternoon so pls
I wanna leave Houston
Oh, I thought you meant Hyejin LOL. No, I seen one
so hungover and I work a double fml
I got one he love me no more though
I want some food from this pizza place so bad but banned
HE HAS FUNGI ON HIS FEET
I HAVE!!!
this gay anthem
Omg never let anyone take me to see my dad. marry the one that does this
How tf is catfish gna go on without Max?!
Pineapple juice so good mixed with orange and guava juice I always got them im the fridge
Pancakes sounds nice rite now.
right!!! that would be awesome i hate plane ride by myself
My soul was straight snatched last night. Like shooook!
Has the world gone mad!does nobody like tits and arse in their face anymore?
my allergies are kicking my ass today
- bye week for us well who are we watching today ?
I thought I was the only one
Can not get my head into this assignment
Yo I cannot WAIT to see reenact the fight lastnite!
The best
Time wasting tactics at 1-1?
the ANSWER is finally here after waiting for 3 months. worth the wait
i would say ubereats or postmates
then I see my homie today so I ask him if bro was good & this nigga told me they caught his ass & locked him up
Anyone want some company from me and my cute pup? We need to get out this house.
LITERALLY Those are all in little pieces
i really havent ate since yesterday morning, im so hungry.
Exactly, you guys blamed each other for everything and why the alliance went to jury one by one
i want to see Old Dominion in concert
Who can I HELP today???
Who is burning the candle at both ends???
Who is tired???
Who is exhausted???
Who
I miss my nose piercing
My heart is pounding
Que crudoooon traigo need some sea food
Kids are annoying the nerve of me to be wanting more
Bayleigh has that wealthy in real post-season glow istan
Lol i am very emotional today. *checking calender* ahh no wonder. Sorry need to vent
i FUCKING LOVE IT WHEN SEE IS TEASING HIS BOTTOMS OH MY GOD TEASE ME TOO PLS
Fuckkk that this my worst fear
39 weeks only 1 more
inconsistent
Foo, oomf can fr get it
I've just created my new novel!
Now I have to wait patiently until 01/11/18.
21st was definitely a night to remember
160 now lord
I want more tattoos
So romantic
Sitting here with swollen knee and have no clue why
THEYRE SO CUTE AND FLUFFFY AND .HOW COULD I NOT
How am I going to quit putting milk in my tea though?
Getting Cold & I Like Cold Weather
I NEED a good nail technician for my baby shower nails help
Somebody gon beat you tf up
LoL!! Bro..me neither..the only few I know are "vets" in the game
I wanna go to the big moe soon
I wish
The cars on Vilakazi.....Iv never felt so broke in my life
someone gotta make a catch
Leak them
She's gonna perform her piece of me show. Nothing different lol
When bae says bend over I wana see ass and feet only if I had a bae
Lakers & Rockets fought Nipsey & Travis was crunk for they city, I cannot wait til Dec 13th I will be in the Toyota Center
Craving constructive feedback from Beyonce dad bruh
How you drive with two broken arms
The hottest guy st the party liked my costume we have the exact same taste in music and now we have a date
My ass would be the same way
thank you baby
Need to send J that so i have company from now
I wish our band was this iconic
We play Mic Drop but we need to play more
lol i'm so dumb. i didn't realize it was on youtube
i love feeling toes in my mouth it makes me want to crounch crounch them
HAHAH I am mediocre at playing the uke just been something played since my cringey middle school years
Im Really Not A Fan Of Bridges Over Water! My Anxiety Be High AF Going Over Them. Hell Its High At The Moment
One Thing I Love About Myself ... So Emotional And Caring . But When Cool Off You , It Bother Me A Bit .
Everytime I read this, I just wanna pack and move to Chicagooo
Word? Let me pull right quick.
my junt never say memphis
You and I both
I need to be getting ready for work now
Hahahaha still lucky, you still have years to experience the one called
I just know he is this nigga let shit go
I dunno why this made me emotional
Sunday and just trying to get my life together
I gotta switch up my surroundings, I'm becoming very cynical and angry at everything and everyone.
But...I want to know if not funny
As a result she can't be trusted when alone out doors
Lmao I feel the same way I got the Adali coat in a size XXS I like coats to fit me snug
IM FUCKING HANGOVER
free Tuesday and Friday this coming week?? Got appointments the other days
lexilayherdown: Mood
Finally getting back into drawing
My heart
Crazy how much $ goes towards insurance in not only in 6 months but a year.
The accuracy
| Diary of a Fuckboy
Listen to podcast
___
Im paying for that shit now tho
seen my mom in 2 years and she had no idea I was coming here for two weeks wow so happy
I hate working on Sundays
However, the bikers are unable to resist the temptation and reenters the cube
Right?! Like where did time go?
Also somehow need to pull myself together to go ride in a little bit
duh how i wish azira is here right now with me
he's done filming mib and now the beard is slowly coming back, bless
Tooo good with tofuuu??? Oh mann
I'll cherish a relationship like this and she don't mind paying for my dinner at least once
I know
......... Wenday
Ion know which tattoo to get
Shower was life
Just give as much as you take, forgive as much as you hate or get the fuck out
Weird flex, but ok.
When am I going to learn my limit when it comes to drinking
Lmaooo suppose to walk around smiling all day?
THE WORLD READY
I understand but why did they cancel too?!!! Luke Cage was so good! always does this shit with good shows.
Lmao I just need to start using Twitter more ig
Facts but I love my lavender
My best friend looking snatched with a big ole booty in KC ok I see you Adau!!!
if this true love then I know what is
Join the club with me
Hoooooow can I concentrate at work when I have this face waiting for me at home
LMAO i broke a nail and even remember it
Im fucked up about gunna hes hard fr
so petty 4 what I did
loving bikers enter the fragment of frozen I believe minseok is behind all of this
someone throw a halloween party next weekend
Next year, thanks to ziale
I really have the energy for this
My baby finnnnneeee
It takes so long just to upload one product
Dude this guy was tryna grope tf outta me at the club not going out again I swear
so stoked 4 it but pissed they cancelled
To my unborn child: I promise ... twitter give me enough space to type
I swear do this to me every time not Homs
Me please. My medical bills are screaming
Can we have an intimate event where we can listen to these sets live It would be out of this world
12:00 AM
It feel so good outside
All good things must come to an end Shop the final hours of our Fall Warehouse Sale! Get an extra 60% off over
I want some chicken salad from elite cafe
The scream I just let out This is why Ivory a icon!
It really is growing on me as well... AMG package
yachty is back rapping about his scamming days on 'nuthin' 2 prove'
My coworker talks toooo much like i careeeeeee
My impact jkjk but fr cute
are my busiest at work and not gonna be able to concentrate is it dropping on soundcloud??
yachty is back rapping about his scamming days on 'nuthin' 2 prove'
baby
Been knew that lil bitch been fucking
I just wanna go back to sleep
I want a new phone already guess get my XSMAX and give my mom this
saw so many fine guys lastnight
thankyouuuuu
I miss the show college hill the epic fight with Crystal ...
It was
I just ordered some carryout bc hungry asf
He was beautiful and ... I will tell you this story tomorrow
I just want my bday to be extra special I deserve that
no short + no bra,just an oversized tshirt rap sa feeling
i had to have been havin some wet dreams bc I woke up drowning
I want food but asleep lol i wanna wake him up ... but hungry so that leaves me with no other choice
the opposite
Evita the QUALITY! This is amazing.
2 boxes full. That's about 15% of my shit. This will take a while...
Hey! You wouldve bawled if she did that to you!!
damn i really thought i was doing something i just saw het and thought of you KDJDSJJSSJ
im sorry kid
These shoes soooo ugly
PLEASE tbh I feel like someone will find a way to put them on there
I still wanted it
Tonight friend
This is the type of content I want to receive when away and at home with the baby
We gon lose on penalties
then come back to Michigan
thanks to the tl i got to flex in front of my irl friend who stans bts. he was so shocked i knew anything abt them
They really out here killing us with visuals
I know I saw your snake need your help
I just wanna be there with you
Idk how anyone can pull of lipstick so happy you can, a gift lol I look ridiculous.
Cause I wanna go to the fair
I wish I was that genius.. my memorizing ability sucks
I want another dog
Seen Halloween I Wanna See The Hate You Give Now Everyone Is Saying So Good
When will I get a update on CHRIS PAUL killing me !!!!
Sorry girl if I had time I left love to
It's annoying
My favorite part tho I always do it in her voice
I deserve them
Time for a TL cleanse. This is not the content I signed up for.
A Nigga Having A Baby On You Is The Worst Type Of Hurt Man I Wish That On ANY BITCH. That Shit Hurt You,
This exactly what I need to do but xsport so mfn expensive lmaoooo
race the upcoming stress nyana
Beeeen saying congratulations to other people
These guys man we gotta work extra extra hard una
Hate the weather not right for Bre to be outside
Kyan 5months today
welcome
appreciation tweet for these 2 girls!! mwehehehe, HAAAAY i miss u both WAG KA NA MAGTAAAMPO
craving some ima before work
I stay away You KNOW this lol
Winter really came early, and so mad the only thing missing is the snow
What should I cook today
I'm not crying at 11am watching Friends, YOU ARE.
or whataburger
All my friends be serving looks when we take pics ... meanwhile just smiling
I make it morg gender reveal but team boy
He saw my concert ticket and face palm also I MUSTVE LOOK STUPID TO HIM
Marlboro purp fusion
Yes girl, where is the time going
at this point this was a trend
I just wanna be in my bed
A room full of sad bitches we legit cried ourselves to sleep I swear
I wait to get back in my own bed
That time of the year for a sew-in because I can not keep wetting my hair
True! But I let anaconda and pills n potions go
To be wealthy/happy forever
in love with new charm .
But Chris Hansen has me in real tears
Haha of course now I gotta wait
I need a hot boy!
I hate wash days
yessss ass burning ass b cutttt
Good evening sir, be an honour once again to get a follow from you
gonna pull the go to card...
Me every time gives Blake a rose
Blake over Luke?? Really?
definitely need someone to cash me 500 dollars rn
That dreaded day has come
my stank in daycare and im missing him
this fever
I keep going over my Fantasy line ups & making adjustments... just not feeling my teams this week
Thanks, thought they were makoto and haru at first
my God is so amazing
Do you know any urban legends? If so, tell us about it!
i want some Jamaican food
Well I thought i just got bad day at community day by got only 2 shinies
I just befriended a straighty playing Go, he was cute and had a cute dog we meeting up again later today
I need some traveling friends I just want to travel the world
I miss the AAC energy
Really smh I was right down the street do no like that again CALL me u know I was gone come
I want another dog
My ma be looking so fine when she have her hair down
really not feeling my hair
What happened
My sister and friend really gave me a reality check yesterday
all over this, apart from not in his bed and he pissed
My church is the wrong church to be late too be in the parking lot for 10 mins tryna find a spot
them hip hop abs workout are the truth my stomach not just flat anymore my abs are coming back
Same might as well get it over with since bound to break the record
No Shan the amount of gherkins the girl put in my sub
So smoky and greasy and there too </3333
Name a better trio
This headache doesn't want to go away
i need to save up money for louis pls wait harry
I'm too old now...
Back to reality Life please be good to me
My stomach hurt bad af
I just want to get away & start a new life somewhere
dont wanna go to work today
really justifying myself buying the 50$ Hourglass powder but SO GOOD
come through with the inconsistent volume
Lord idk where taking me but please let it be to the west coast
I'm sorry you have to deal with so much bullshit
wait to go out next weekend, this weekends been so boring
And boys have so many cute stuff especially new borns
Pls release that finishing tutorial I need some serious help
Right?! My rent is a whole mortgage payment
I hate penalties
used bonjela to choke this opening in my gum.
Why does every white boy talk like this
tooo many times
happening my faves are getting married next month!
My back needs it.
I had a full adjustment since before Finn was born.
nobody tryna leave out in this but hungry
wait to get back Georgia this weekend & see all my friends & mom
Lol lived here before nothing like TV lol TOO many tourists
Unfollow spree kinda
Rt for me to not break the mutual
This apply to those I talk to
Sorry not
I wait to get back in the house not on this weather at all
Thank you to everybody for the birthday wishes... I lost my voice , my knees and feet hurt, and tired...
one not in jail tho
I hate sleeping in this late but I also love it
i already cry putting gas in the jaguar.. ima be bawling putting gas in the porsche
you would think with all the extra fluff i got i could stay warm in this weather but a bitch is coldddd
This child always leaving me on read
*some RT God really took his time on black women
Need to relax & unwind
Moving to Texas sounds better and better everyday
I really want brunch but feel like exerting the effort to make it happen so I guess pretend my berry smoothie is champagne
stop putting this shit on my TL i afford one of these rn
awwwwww julia!!! thank you woyy!! i didnt really expect na be really this open to each other eh matagal
stop putting this shit on my TL i afford one of these rn
Weekends go way too fast
type shitt
i miss niall, i miss tour, i miss the happiness on all my friends their faces after a show
a nice world
Me too, finally I found someone like me
too expensive and my work hardly lets me take days off
i should've started this long time ago. damn procastination.
I love stuff like this I can't wait
thank you!! suddenly i
don't know how to scream exo took all my heart
this scenery at sundara? Looks so worth it
Me trying to scream at that the teasers dropped
WHAT ... im younger than you guys leh
a sucker for punishment
So near yet so far
Hope to get lucky next time
sure, you can oppa!
oh am i learning about Nu'est's history now, oppa? i'm headache lah~
Can the GP start already, I wait another two hours
I say this every week but I seriously need to go on a diet ... After I've eaten my pic'n'mix & Bailey's ice cream tonight
Lol hey!!
Still know if imma cop red dead digitally or on disk
|| this was 2 years ago, meanwhile I'm still lookin like this
Bloody brilliant night celebrating Shame not all in the photo though The Bierkeller
Nahh I wish
weeb mutuals, pls, i need anime recommendations
4 drawings to go but I'm so beat
Wtf did I eat last night
Same here
Today, while reading frantically through my manuscript, I found such gems as "she spoke with such passionate"
he has tiny ears!!! he csnt take too much noise!! leave hIm alonE
no matter how hard i try to avoid my caretaker when I go outside, he always finds me
Wanna sleep already but nfl is keeping me awake
an emotional wreck rn
NAK AISKRIM !
New level of poor rn
I need to stop switching purses first I have my id now I have my bank card
Yesssss do it I never been either text the gc
Anxiety is the sole cause of procrastination. the worst too We can get better together all
Kinda of missing my mom
So throwing hands huh smdh not CP3 tho the Saint
I want some Starbucks
Lmfaoo waiting for that Vivienne Westwood
right! I had to go get me a coat ASAP
My happiness my love... my world in human form
the world is testing my patience
Le na I want a "this just happened"
stg i still wish somebody told me i was a whole bozo out here
I pray I do well on these 2 exams.
Really and truly
See my problem !
Want my hair done so bad
so pressed to get home
His beautiful eyes captivate everyone!
I love holidays
I hangout to 4am & shake back like I could 3 years ago
I was all the way in my HC BAG!!!!! After seeing all of the tailgate pics
I want some vegetable fried rice
tryin to go to the movies tonight Wuhsup
Had to have gotten some coins aint no way they blew that game like that...
Does the Apple Watch work on Metro?
Highly considering leaving if it
I'm so tired! Rail is fine only in OpenTTD
Hate cramps so much
omg horrible!
Whew yesss
WE JUST WANT THIS TO BE TRUE can you help us out with this? been waiting for so long
The way and his homies play with each other. My type of party
This is why you are my favorite oomf love you
About to work 6days straight after today Lordt!
playing the piano is everything I know I needed is there anything she do
starting Nov. 1st.... i should have my calendar by then
lmaoo heard wrong
Blacky chan
Spending as much time with my love today. I gotta go do homework tonight
Lmao bih i miss u too, but yes I miss the little one more
at least i thought but god makes no mistakes.
Perfect Sunday Funday weather
Second one
I need sleep. Officially pushing myself too hard.
this is SUPER COOL!!!
I'm so glad I don't have to stress over my team this week
Of course running late to work
It even feel like Halloween time or Fall. Even the leaves have barely started changing colors
been wanting banana pudding for a minute now
how can I vote using more than one acc ? how did they know the same person
ion got no more weed this my last blunt going thru it
E 1 Ka bogobe bo bonchi so
bookmarking this tweet so I can bring it back in like a week when wilding again
Penalties and i wanna watch
I drank too much water in the middle of the night & threw up immediately after
The best person I know
I WANT MY OWN FRIENDS
hands down
I need this body back
Woke up with my cold worse now I have a cough
Oh Shan already emotional
Literally one of the best fight on tv ever son
Too tired to be awake and too scared to sleep
My body hurts, extremely
I decided to be great and walk to my local gym . Never again . A 23 minute walk
I find shit cute to wear
Panera sounds so good rn
why are you so pretty
What does it mean guys?
Some of us don't understand Yoruba.
This is actually me
I wanna get outta bed
missin plays
I wait til pay day mad shit I need to do
My baby being a big crybaby today
I asked the guy at my table if he wanted to try any of our desserts and he said yeah, lmaooo too early
I am loving someone doesn't know that i am existed i think i am going to cry
Umm
This show used to be so good
Im gonna be sick.. i can feel it.
supposed to be coming back to my store for something else. Sooo hopefullyyyyy
Sit on my dick plsss
How to present with this condition
Following this because peds is my dream and w get any peds rotation either
Need to buy a a lot of jackets
ok i know you're studying sports science rn
A female that can sing gets me every time
Hanggang pic nalang bal Iloveyou so much C U in Dec baaal
wait to take my hair out
this getaway passed too quickly. back to real life
Oh you so right sweetie i forgot my apologies
I love old school music
I wait for this tan on my arms to go away. tree different colors . I wore jeans all summer so my legs
i swear i say my atleast 100 times a day
Fifa 19 is difficult
Panic! At the disco is seriously quaking right now ya'll better watch out
Don't forget to chop off his fingers.
My trainer is going to kill me when he sees my food log for the weekend.
i want to be living on the west coast already
I dropped a glass bottle of Coke on my foot earlier and the painnnnnn
I need to get a Kamara Jersey
tell me they aRent in lovE
I want my nails and toes done
Cranberry juice
your voice is sooooo goodddd I always got goosebumps when I heard you sing
sorry baby please puppy trying to be ultra mega happy and show you my smile and send
oh god no not again im not strong enough
praying i get nothing but good news tuesday when i go to the doctor hopefully started gaining weight
Did online shopping on for & mannnn broke again I keep seeing sht
Yessss! I hate it.
wait till i move out hea
Really saucy hot wings sound so good and I keep seeing pictures of them
What I needed to hear Jazz off at 7 ima hyu
I am not tryna work today
yachty is back rapping about his scamming days on 'nuthin' 2 prove'
Arg my faves birthday
so we gone let my lil cuzin lead us in prayer bow your heads Maaan I feel
This is so saddening
urgh fk **
Fucked up about this one cant even flex
I think the program is available online yet so idk if any yet
lmaoo not an impossibility
I have soooo many clothes & nowhere to damn go
i hate pumping my own gas
The teaser omg they all look so hot
I honestly feel like complete shit now I see why I jus need to stick to wine and wine only
need a new couples costume this year
Yea trying to press fast forward to next week
I want to ever get rid of my nip rings way too attached.
I HATE YOU ALL!! OUR LESBIAN FEMINIST ICON DOESN'T DESERVE THIS SLANDER
I wish Laverne Cox had a talk show.
My heart
My sisters will do everything but leave
Finally I have a closing shift today
Idk if i wanna cry or puke so scared of pregnancy
Who tryna do this
but for real though
Lmao Niggas Love Bringing Up Old Shit
Wish it was mine down your throat
OMG LOOK AT HIS SHIRT HE LOOKS SOO GOOD
Lol you know you so pretty
His birthday and Christmas and coming up
really cold outside
I be so happy when my friends meet people they really like and it goes well
i'm in danger na talaga sis ang hiraaap
i just need some i just need some love, tired of messing with these lame niggas baby, i just need a thug.
This new Zane book . I need
Bitchhhhh fuck you your ass know this is me
an actual angel
I'm trying to find the video now they need to bring this back
It is but when the baby is here, all come natural to you. I just want Mason to have a sibling lol
Want today to be over already.
I literally had a moment where i didn't want to get out of bed and just sleep all day and avoid everything
5SOS performed at Wembley arena today......brings me back to ROWYSO
I am: shook
I knew it HAD to be u kmaa
im starting to stress out for tomorrow until the month ends
I wish I was at church
I hate when I get off of work, go to sleep and have to go straight back to work when I wake up FML
still in atl if I make it in time most def!!
Is it just me or para talaga siyang baby version ni Mike Enriquez
sleep ft. hungry
oh god his hair his nose the car - no not again im not strong enough
Despertando
I hold off anymore I think idk if I wanna get my bday nails and feet done tomorrow but shiiit
I wait to eat starvingggg
on this day miss u so much, pwet
One of the goat positions
wait til we on our feet completely
sick because I spend too much money this weekend
idk what to do today!
ruben & the bull really fucked me up
I DONT HAVE ENOUGH PANTS
mad cold outside
Is "Moonchild" gonna be the song about Tae? I can't think about anything else
ready to eat
Awwww right baby take up for your girl
You even dm back about my merchandise mad at you
I want Cheesecake Factory
i love my new phone
i feel like making this pie .. but afraid of making the crust
I wish kuch rishtedaron k Muh pe yeh bol Pati
she knows still bump
watched it til I fell asleep last night and started watching as soon as I woke up this morning, I want this to end
American Best Wings nuclear wings and rice is what I can eat everyday
I took a trip up to central yesterday to spend time with my best friend & I still come home to my boyfriend spoiling me for sweetest day
1 minute I have money and the next broke af
can find me in the library all day today.
Soooooo pissed I missed this so happy for every fan that got to attend and SUPER not jealous of your
They taste the same anymore
Lol I cleanse yet I have a free face right now
If the beeswax i think you talking about (edgewax) it work for me. it always came
i wish marquez would wake up already
need a guy who thinks like lil song
Get black ops 4 I need your tip videos ASAP
she got distinctions for assignments she didn't submit? She must teach me how to pray yoh
I need another tattoo
Man my stomach is growling too I just know not gonna find any grits on this damn island
I wanna know who stepped on my toenail and broke it last night
Please do it Baby Champagne need noise !!!
This job believe in heat, so cold
people creep me the fuck out
capriccio sangrias the devil
I love getting paid weekly
the only time of chicken I really fw is white meat
bagay sa la toujou wi
Why does everyone hate math, I love math
dear wind, a strong no thank you from me today
Already ordering so much shit for this trip. I need to be stopped
what??? no, you did a great job! and his ears are adorable
How tf did I burn the cinnamon rolls
I need to figure out my menu for thanksgiving idk what I wanna cook
Now craving for Pizza.
Yes
stop saying anything about NYC concert
A job
I trust my FC when it comes to penalties. Prove me wrong
Wow I really got work today
Even though the buckeyes pull it off I hope the Vikings can get the job done today
Which
come to NYC so I can kiss your hole for my 19th birthday
I feel so much better I felt like shit last night but staying in the house today fr
. 12:10 wishing my bae would act right
Why do I keep seeing you around
Things my aunt sends me
really proud of myself and how I handle situations better now . I be letting mfs try to take me back to the old me
Now accepting new daddies
Full video is available as well
sooo mad that ole goofy ass got me out here acting like a kid
Thank you to everyone who voted, tweeted, posted on IG I really think will ever understand how much
I do this all the time
They don't know we exist
My girl Christina
Me spend over 3 days a try figure out this woman got 8/11 fraction
"Cooks in 90 seconds".....
.... so just the same as cooking scrambled eggs in a pan then?
My Anxiety, Triggers, OOTD & My Sisters Birthday Meal | LuceStephenson
So glad Tayy like dat My bsf fr
someone tell little mix that I love them
Last night I went to a wedding & I cried the entire time cause I was like next year going to be me
aaawn this one is so good
i feel 100% but i got 3 games coming up
not even winter yet and I already have a chill I shake
I hate
been to more of these places than proud to admit
I just want some peace & smooth skin
I want liver kapana with some salsa
I've got about 7 gray hairs in my goatee
I need my hair done
Getting mom something cute on Tuesday
Lemme go bath my kids and stop being nosy
With all of this I have figured out who talking about
My forever love I miss u so much .. happy birthday baby
PETITION FOR IDOL ROOM TO RELEASE THAT VIDEO OF TAEIL DOYOUNG & JAEHYUN SINGING BEST PART! COWARDS!!
Leg wrapped so tight
Wow jelly with his fine ass
is the best show ever
I want to experience what 35secs Of this video is like
Ah so sad on of the very few in my city too
OP fans must be missing a chromosome or something
too cold to be bald head
God let me this happen to me killing two birds with one stone Lmfaooo I can take twins
Sleep you must
I start backing my concealer again and I like it
honestly my fav too
Head knocking like a fool
my feet hurt too today is not a good day at all
Devin just walked out the house, and all I hear is Ace meowing
flashback to with and all its stress. I know some fans were disappointed they
Lost 9-7 after second leg
do you ever get in your feelings and scroll through all of tweets
My heart on fire
King size bed, super comfy blanket & a cold ass room got me ready to do everything
Because what he does best is pushing blame onto others mah. So armys get the blame lorh. Cos we the worst fandom
I even plan to give u 2million seff
I know
So excited I hope is good
The kisses i get on my forehead before he leaves to work melt my heart
I don't think so
I prayed the sermon would pertain to me in some way and it did
Cheddar Biscuits wit the buttahhhhhhhh
gonna miss the game tonight
Mfs took back the black ops gameshare
milktea tomo pls i rlly want ehhhh
hyung don't cry
Damnnnn, who trynna do this?
Staph growing pls it hurts HAPPY BIRTHDAY THOUGH BABYYYYYY YAAAAASSS
Nah this is actually a different level
The latest selfie I uploaded on IG only got 37 likes. not popular anymore
play with me like this
The huge communal sigh of relief when she came back to life
chanyeol's hands i
I wait til I get to be under my baby all day
tell him his 6th wife is coming
Idk why spectranet has decided to torment me today
NO ONE EXPECTS BRON TO FIGHT CHRIS PAUL
NO ONE SAID THAT
literally it
WAIT !! You might have got me ... but but WOTW is that girl too
the moooooove today Doink
l e g e n d
one of the few msp YouTubers which complete shit
This weather just made me so happy, thank you Jesus
Can't believe my little baby is already 15 months old
just realized that chewy hasn't slept with me for about a week now and hearing her howl from her cage breaks my heart
I guess so
When i do get a little nod in someone is calling or texting my phone
Lol ive already started letting charm lick stuff
Since the new iOS update my phone battery sucks!!!! cmon im starting to hate you
omg A KNOW
I dun turned the fireplace on THAT cold!
I seriously know how you can have so many in one year..talking to ppl ok, but making them your whole bf?
I need girl names I have one but I need like 2 more suggestions and you come up with good names help a bitch out
I can't believe these people come to watch soccer here as if they don't have a TV
why so blury??? i need HD ver
I feel sorry for whoever sees me right now at this point.
You know worse?? I have decent wine glasses but no wine!
Everyone keeps telling me how horrible retail is gon be
what version should i order,, PLEASE HELP ME OUT
Pisces will literally cheat on you and get upset because you found out lmaooo
i have a midterm soon and been studying for the past 2 weeks my brain even process shit anymore
MARIAH IS COMING
NOV 7TH WHERE U AATTT i wait any longer
really out here thinking he was carrying a bag then I saw it was the dudes head
Help me RT so I can get rid of this ticket and pay my bills.
2-Day GA Freaky Deaky ticket for sale.
HMU!!
Last exam syndrome for the only exam I have to write
I dunno about u but I miss the cakes we saw
I get turned off so easy bro
Just went shopping for baby shower and my baby fever is at an all time high
I wait until I get to sleep with baby up under me every night
Order my hair & get it dyeddddd idk what color tho
spooky season What are you going to be for Halloween? Los Angeles Zoo
the only bad thing about putting in my two weeks is that now, i really really wanna go, even though this is my last week..
be on later if playing tonight? get back on last night as my son fainted
I really been buying myself materialistic things and I just did this second ... LORD DONT LET ME FALL BACK. over two months
grams not cooking today
Yes the tiny bits when trying to sing but choke on them and he just laughs
Wish I was *
one day
I started following a cute girl who was into fitness and ended up getting a whole lot more
still mad at us for shading her
The concrete no go dry??
Waking up still lit from the night before at least my bro treating me to breakfast
nothin like a clean room
My new cat has a feet kink and sharp nails lmao help
My bad boo! I know it would spiral like dis!
I talked to chief too we feeling it
No lie I think common when short, cause ppl stayyyy doing that to me
where can I buy this??? I NEED this
That carpet tho
Falling asleep on the job!
Where is he when I need him
Okay I just wanna go to the pumpkin patch to take cute photos of my kids like the rest of
The soft tone of the word is everything
I want to go to work today
Damn Like.... I Really Need A Relationship
I really wish I had a different bd & I mean that with my whole soul. *crosses fingers*
I opened it and was like let me guess in Texas ... and guess what it is
tired as hell
I also really want to buy all of the original books
i wish i made it to church today before i left for college
I woulddd Lord knows I would, but thats unnecessary attention that I aint trynna attract
Tattoo shop calling my name be in the chair this week
Just realized that I love Thato more than I love Thando
I'm still here for Yanga
When your cousin lives an hour away but do anything for em
Melo spit on the ref too. Hes so useless
I wanna work out
I was watching a U11 game.
Drained
I WANT A BOYFRIEND !!! This Single Shit Boring
YOU KNOW YOU MISSED OT9 TOGETHER WHEN THE FIRST THING YOU LOOKED FOR, IN THE TEASER, IS LAY
Definitely fucked my leg up in that haunted house I feel it till now
Ight We Finna Do This Last Party One Time For The Fun Time Friday EVERYBODY Invited So Come Do
I believe the weekend is already over
wait to get my hair done omg
My head is pounding
Can Instagram stop drip feeding me post notifications from over an hour ago. I've already seen them. Thank you
My daughter really keeps me going
ugh yes PLEASE choke me to death
One day someone gonna love me like this
Also can we talk about how good Tony looks in my dp? He really snapped
I mean we control the pricing out of our hands we need jobs too, what can u do
just thirsty
Busted kicks for the SNF
I love my friends known them bitches half my life the stuck wimmie
i need a foot massage
I gotta hit the books but im tired
prom until March and already stressed
Come to Cagayan de Oro plsss
The Weekends Be Flying
those the type of people who know how to be alone ... the weakest ones always searching for love
looked everywhere for my glasses.. this sucks i cannot seeeeeee
Every time I eat I eat without this thought popping up in my head!
cold
Why do you constantly tweet the thoughts running through my head
I wish I could get my nails done, but I can't bc of school
Gotta prepare my liver for Thursday and Saturday
do it if you gone waste my time
This is so needed
sem 2 is a mix bag tbh
Bloody hell patrick, broke everything and my collarbone was worse by far
All postseason too
Pls buy me a drone guys
Had the busiest week so I go to the gymback at it tomorrow tho
a holiday come home
When I go to Walmart got groceries, somehow I always end up in every other department
cracking up . I ha8 when u got to act like u not crazy
I said I would go outside today. But I'm still in bed
they are honestly the best
What about me
I Even Know What To Say Right Now
lmao we both need donations
RT my homegirl breath smell so bad but she could fight real good so i just b chillin
was able to thrift so many things this past month gonna stop rn bc i legit have like 7 jackets wkjdsjjs
So ready for Christmas
On my way home to sleep
The Night Shift on Netflix is literally pulling on my heartstrings every episode.
fr but gone pay off
never hated someone so much
Damn them white boys flipped on Joe in the BBC movie.
See u trust boys man
I followed that one too
Yep
the ticket ?
Yeah miserable cuz you never respond to my tweets and other things that have nothing to do with you
Can somebody roll this wood
You know you got drunk asf when you post no snaps
I know I wanna meet you guys too this is what I get for having opinions on the internet
I Miss My Pregnancy
you know i would pero mura'g they have other ka-tweetums na btw one of my short-term goals is to shat wit u hahaha
But I swear this mobile money tax hurts my budget
Knowing SM we definitely heard a bside track
Omg right! Thank you so much
at this point, not even suprise if the concert tix sold out after few seconds
melatonin is a blessing
went ts with the air on , woke up freezing
I need some food
And remembers every single little thing about you
my mornings >>>
me
Idk what i want to eat ,
Stubbed my pinky toe a few minutes ago and I been scared to look down ever since because damn sure it there no more
I haaaaate scary movies but I want to watch that new show on Netflix
I hope this shower put me to sleep
ahs apocalypse is so good
I Just Wanna Sleep Today , And Watch Movies .
My head spinning going home to eat
Please let me eat one time. Please let me eat you
make this a remix this is stuck in my head i keep replaying it
A staple went through my finger yesterday. I split my damn nail AND cut my finger today like cone on
sick & its sunday
Soo happy to be back in my bed
papansin naman
Ugh, the man i stan
I wanna be wrapped up in somebody arms
HELP ME LeSean McCoy, Yeldon, Chubb. Pick two! Standard. Please and thank you.
bitch yesterday a shower head fell on my foot, that shit hurted. And today my big ass 40 lb dog stepped on that same foot
What should I cook??
What is sis Unathi doing with wow wow? Sis you said you enjoyed his performance right?
a night never forget. All my favorite people together again. Just missing and
i gotta fly out to see the dodgers or royals play before i die. a must
Try loving beans I am my own problem
Just realized I left my jean jacket in London and now I get this fit off
I need this type of vacay.. sheesh
miss you so much! Keeps grindin Manda! So, proud of you!!!
I destroyed the consistency of my feed with the latest drawing
meet the pregnancy pact this month.
I needs a little boy!
Move me to a place where allergies exist. This shit is for the birds
Uhhhhhh pls she's so cute
aw a jst wanna book ma driving test asap
I hurried up and went to the car wash!!! But I had fun though it was just tooooo muddyyyyyy
if I could wake up feeling as motivated as I do right now everyday be so much farther in life
The sad thought that I might be cold until May.
I wanted to go to church today
Really Debating If I Wanna Go To The Apple Store When I Get Off God Knows I Need To
I should really start doing my POE
They threw my nigga Archie in jail
People always telling me I should be a model
Bro so blew, I bought a pen yesterday and maybe hit that bitch TWICE n my clumsy ass dropped it n it broke
it's so cold at work i should've put a shirt on under my pullover
Queria ver a Shak
i gotta fly out to see the dodgers or royals play soon. a must
the. tweet.
really craving a Cinnabon
My big cousin moving into town and she also is apart of this Swiss lace wig business oh lorddtttttt thank you
Poor sick
My stomach hurts so bad
i miss the cats la,
Sis I was in disbelief. I was really on his side then something told me to ask for his insta. I
wondering why the best shows ever are deciding to end
Yesssssss if it was only the sides and not half your ass then it wouldnt be no problem.
Finally got all my shit out my moms house
How u ask where the numbers onna platinum album
Is it idk I just know that one Pakistanis speak that I understand for shit
so sad I didnt get mine and arias birthday buttons from
Whole time my back is killing me
dm me please horny
I love showing off my bbc
Add or Dm me ;)
Where can we get it I want some too
we deep at first but now we got our feelings in
Toni tomiti is my all time moods love her
nervous for her foot on that hard floor
Ye bodo esok aku class 8-5 siap ada test and presentation ughhhhxbbsb
the last time I had anxiety getting the tix was for coldplay and now bts stressed
Why did we never get a and Usher tour
Me every time after going off on my man. I be so mean
Someone said you look like the flappy bird and I unsee it
Living in chronic pain makes it so energy consuming to be around people is it just me?!
wait to hold my Godson
I still feel some type of way that not going to TC homecoming anymore
And my friend just came to pick me up (I was barely awake), brought me to buy coffee then brought me back home My morning is made
Got to pump today tired of pumping
living MY best life so pretty
ok ima see wtb
know crying
Fast forward to October 26 please
I was puzzled trying to figure this out !
Enjoyed myself yesterday. Feels good af to get out the house
I just wanna eat and drink all day
edit broadcast
so sweet Liam pleaseeee
That hunger that just makes you feel weak and keeps you in bed because you have the energy to get up to get food is the worst
Di makatulog
I just wanna be laid up again not otw to work
something lead me into my closet...and I believe the amount of blouses, sweaters and jackets of mine that were in there!!
Hungry neeed my money
And thats more than enough time! Omg man, I gotta do this
I hope to trade with someone be my first time!
it's my birthday bitch you better be saying happy BUKKAKE instead buz this birthday boys a cyber bukky
Strawberry Lemonade
after a run like this got to get up exactly how Dion Lewis did
They did this
still gone to Fright Fest
15 minutes to prep food and few hours to marinate. 10-15 minutes to cook and dish then 5 minutes to eat...
Nahla needs to come back from her dad's house NOW.
I kinda wanna get my nipples pierced again I miss em lol
so fun talking to you, mel! But it's midnight here and bed's calling me so i gotta go Goodnight,
get you a guy that wants to go to church w/ you
Low key about to snag another moon killing me
Fucking stupid that
Exactly They Had Some Black Lace Up Ones That Was Like Just The Front Of Your Thighs Finna Send You A Picture
So jealous of everyone that was at the concert & was there
why tf my sister text me back . she probably went back to sleep on me .
Like stop playing with my feelings generally trying to cherish someone
lit I finished it though
he was beautiful
& his blowout was luxurious af.
Sundays are for going to church in the morning, coming back to have Sunday lunch and taking a nap afterwards
Not this studying thing
I want some coffee
Big mood
I need my mom and rob to move out so I can put a pool table in her room
And when people call at my job asking for help and I can only help them but so far I feel so horrible
i think them pills put me smack out
so i told my friend to watch taki taki video and that aswhole asked why I want him to watch jitendra dancing boy I want to bang his head
just stay your ass off Twitter. You worst then Ziggy
The Tears is when I knew she really Loves US!!
meeting some of her Scholarship students..
I wonder what being in a healthy relationship feels like
daredevil season 3 just had to come out when I have 3 tests this week
I miss this show. Good ol tv days.
Nothing compares to when Diddy made them walk miles to get a goddamn
My baby will be 2 Wednesday
Oh no! na nga ba talaga?! Poor Sif. But could there be something for us to rejoice to... the
so hungry i want some
ugh im missing my church
so pretty omg
where to find a travelling buddy for Seoul next year
So getting sick and it sucks
Giving my hair a deep condition, hot oil treatment, & a press today. I wait another day
I want to start sewing but I wanna wake everyone up
got all my baby shower food out the way
You know super emotional right now love you si squared
I ordered Brittany book last week and it get here til Tuesday at least off so I can do nothing but read it all day
Girls who be having hella tats be looking so fine
Ever tell yourself you will do something after eating then you end up eating for an hour procrastination is a bitch
Why dive in there anywhere, gueye was coming over to double.up
too quiet and I deal. sure working but still
I remember the first day this got added to my Daily Mix really out here putting me on to the best new
Seriously though.
Oh no why does my stomach decide to kill me right now I just started work 2 hours ago
Apparently Dhedhoru Dheytherey
Lmao me too this that shit that makes me crazy too lol
That high sleep another type of sleep
bicuriousbigclitlover: atlfreakz: This could be us but fake bi What I want right
i think ima stick to getting high i was drunk as fuckkkk lastnight
My head hurt
Thanks cy I actually need to sleep now
it keeps me up at night
Poor Leigha next time just smile and wave like in Madagascar
so sleepy but if I sleep now, going to have issues later and tomorrow be good
It really doesn't, but that's what I'm craving
let me slip away I promise if you do regret it some day
Why are we being trolled like this ???? This can not need to carry on until 1.4.19 cause amazing !!!!
Hope this My mood when I wake up
Same in Ireland
sick Nd tired asf
to know the truth, we'll just have to wait. but in the meantime, dont keep our hopes too high to
i got money ready for hc presale me please
what happen to the reveal youre going to be a great mother to your baby girl
What more big news could there be?! We got the album, the cover, the release date, 3 great songs so far,
Gotttget ready for work
They are not The Blossoms they are BLOSSOMS
Try and get your facts right
at :09 look at how bruh slid off w the cup
this avi is a fuck yesssssss
I want some baked ziti with Italian sauce and some garlic bread
these edits are fucking sick omg
Does anyone know how to buy online ticket for in Malaysia ?
Yahhhh I gotta get a hair cut soon
I be obsessed with how ppl walk
Oh He Know How To Eat Fr
iPhone 6. No ive called and emailed many times in the last two weeks not sure why taking so long had to put a complaint in
I definitely do lmao
Its practice for if I ever get to go see them perform
Idk, rich rich out there! my Midwest income could never
The girls are sooo quiet
watching cooking videos and now I stop thinking about my sweet potato pie
Going through all theses clothes is tiring asf
right, bc then there is evidence. the snaps go away at least
Dallas Damn TexasI love my city
Miss my dawg we gone shakeback tho
I need to get ready so I can go get coffee with Liz but I literally need coffee in order to get ready
lol my Norwegian friend was clowning their accent when I visited her earlier this year
I want to go to Disney Land
Poor penalty
all my numbers better hit today
Can someone care enough for like this already
I looked cute as shit lastnight and take not one picture
Bro someone really stole $140 from my bag why I trust my stuff alone
All of my friends are cold
That was such a good day
This is Why I Love You is such a beautiful songgg!!
I'm still in bed by the way
Soooo pissed I never got to see Gates
Dear OOMF, please I know you by your avi can you please not change it?
Just want someone to be there for me and love me and do cute things with me
how did you find me wena . hiding here tuu
Prolly because she had too much home training
Fine ass girl the lips
I even want the only reason why like this cause mfers is stupid
i hope everything comes in time for my birthday or birthday cancelled
Second season is even better than the first
Learn to appreciate little things.
I love talking to someone who can conversate and understand about school and work life
Put the camera down & seek therapy if that bad
Only reason ever go Croydon is to go Cosmos
I aint been to that restaurant in YEARS
It was, the campers love it hahah! Explaining that tea was also a drink and a meal confused the kids so much
Harry...never gonna happen lol
Let's see your TAXES 45 You're gonna throw some crumbs to the little ppl and all will be well
They need to seriously stop
last clip was really disturbing dnt treat ppl like this who r working for public only
Still at the airport in Florida our flight leaves now at 2pm. I was suppose to be home already
lmfao i literally did this right after buying concert tickets & parking... were so fucking whipped
guess who's still kelayapan jam segini
I left a really long comment and then I think it disappeared lol but great post . I love your
I DEMAND AN AU OUT OF THIS!!!
is that a yes
that white coat
Sometimes guys want you to be there peace too
Morning Wood
// my head is aching
Sniper Elite 4 Coop fail gameplay fr LES BOULETS Family Geek
Mac & Cheese calling my name
wait to get home, put one to the face and eat
also i was wrong about mewtwo, those raids end on the 23rd
I need to dispute a payment but know how
Had a dream I had a daughter. She had my eyes and was so cute
Ugh yes. A none physical turn on
fucking cold outside
Ihop withdrawals
tiaddddd , on 3 hours of sleep
WOI INI KENAPA SEMUANYA BIKIN OLENG ASTAGA
Lack of sleep is creeping up on me but guarantee I sleep tonight
haaaaay forever crush kita.
this took longer than i thought but im finally done
do anything for Ingram
october is such a stressful month
Friday come faster
been living on the wolf & growl drama mvs and those great
Tattoos on a guy got me like come my way would you
It was a bachelorette party sister
Me rn
i wait till finally able to wear civies
craveee
I tried to get my strap fixed once and they told me it would take 8 weeks no fucking way bro, we good luv enjoy
That breaks my heart
i really wanna go to work
That was definitely Melo that accidentally spit on CP3
Having class on sundays suck
Preach girl. All the carbs
When people started strolling at my apt and the floor was visibly dipping with each shake
The right person, wrong timing.
My mental health is holding me back on so many levels
Cheated on
wait to take maternity pictures ima go all outttttttttt
upset, all my cute winter clothes are back home
The weirdest shit happens to me on the LIRR
I wish it too cold to hike
so lazy today. I gotta get up & clean my house & get myself & my daughter ready for the day & that just seems like so much rn lol
Tbvh . You'll now remember late
I saw a guy who was fully dressed like the second picture today, had to do a double take bc I thought it was him
I Need Some New Ones
I need something new to watch on Netflix now
wait to get proper lighting and take proper pictures
I could slp rn but mi still a wash. Nuh look like ma done fi today
They so clean!
Think over for my heater
Has anyone ever tried cbd for treating insomnia? sick of being so f-ing tired all the time
I need this
Lmao I really like Pisces either .. my mom is a Pisces & she pisses me off like 67% of the time
My dreams where alllll messed up last night
tryna jump in your suitcase
The energy to get up and get dressed
lazy oh. lazy.
I really need to get my nails done
no such thing as one at at time for the ppl that had double contractions like me
Mon(ster)day you mean?
That's a--- hmmmm.
Bc I barely post
If only that fell to anybody but Walcott. Dead food get Lookman on for him
wayyyyy to early to b irritated
Guys my right eye always waters when I do my makeup. So no matter how many times I fix it going to be messed up on the corner
3 years since I met need to see them again ASAP
Damn!!!! You let us breathe
Bloody hell, wish I was 30! be 42 next week xxx
I take my kids to school every morning and still go to workout then work. Can you say I want it to be Friday already
If I wrote a blog on what happens in my life people would think I made it up
this 1 thing that got me tripping
I need to start planning 2nd bday
I still owe you $20
Drunk words are sober thoughts
RUN ME OVER WITH YOUR MOTORCYCLE, VVROOM VROOM
I must be ugly
Same about to smack
I need a girls night out
My is STUDYING ALL DAY LONG
been saying this
I need ppl to practice feed in braids on
Wow & just like that sick
Had a ball! another reunion soon come...love you
my sinuses are really bothering me
Having pets is so stressful they just put a paw down differently and worried. Now imagine something would actually happen to them
Lmao it was a FREE souvenir I might just throw away for fuckin my foot up like this
i just want brian to say "youre so pathetic mikey" and kiss him and then theyll b together forever
remember caillou? this is him now! feel old yet?
headed to see my baby only thing keep me going right now
Eeek my chicken curry looks a bit watery. How the hell do I pad it out when I have no flour?!
This is so cute
Always not getting pics
Right?! Andisagowi cause phones are expensive and I don't want a huawei what-what lite
I miss my cousins
I don't wanna come home this evening
God always come through
Really wanna go to Carbondale for my brother and friend graduation but that 14 hour drive
I want to watch football
And ain't nobody gonna answer?!
When you tell someone "let's get coffee sometime" and they take you seriously ok I gotta go to coffee.
I need my car detailed after this weekend with these messy ass kids
Might be distant but take it personal
believe that July 22 on Netflix is a real story! actually heart breaking
That was sexy af give you anything you want
So annoyed let myself slip and have such a bad day
ang solid nung movie sheeEeEet
so much makeup I need to buy
Bad Boys 3 was supposed to drop in 2017 but still nothing
Girls my Twitter is down
My head is really booming right now
only been 2months and i already feel like i dont deserve to be here
i wanna bomb ass breakfast
nah thank u for showing
I WILL update but slowly cuz I don't have time and my parents are super strict so I'll do it but please keep patient with me
Come w. Me to get this body suit, then we can go
Uy
so pretty ugh
i feel like i was shot in the leg and i ain't ever been shot before so i'm probably talking out the ass
it feels so good to finally be off
This Headache Is Something Else!
Them henny caught up to me I was riding all night now my knees hurt
i need myself a fruit cake boyfriend like this
a cool 55 degrees for the game today ... why they have to play outside
gonna be 9 more years before I bring this bitxh in public again
on my bench right now.
Some lady just bought $200 worth of yarn at Joann Fabric, and never been so jealous
Real thicc beef
the prices for d last game at TD are already stoopid high and the game until April
Bitch leg has no business being on that shoulder
I wake up with a headache
10 extra pounds of happy weight I think my boyfriend feeds me crazy on purpose.
been wanting to go but a little bitch + I have a lot of ideas of what I want to get but I know where
Ugh we need a live stream
I want chili cheese fries
I wanna have a daughter
Is fav even touring overseas yet? They even know who she was for fashion weeksis was serving looks for
Well I guess time to buy a truck
I also tried to purchase multiple bottles of wine but forgot in Texas.
Bruhhhhh her walk better then mine
I actually wait to go back to London just for
Bitches desperate for love a firm believer in time will
That song has been great
So apparently excision and kaskade are clashing at escape?? guess ima have to see X on Thursday then
Having to re-up on face and hair products at the same damn time
Thanksgiving gonna be the most depressing day of my life To think last thanksgiving was the last time I
Tbhhh
Florida with the gang next year really sounds like the moves
I cant hold 700 followers for shit it jumps from 705 to 699 to 701 like what am i doing wronggg
blowing up, everybody tryna get me to roll to the line, I gotta study
The fact that I have any apple juice is really killing me rn
been poking at my boyfriend for the past hour but homeboy wake up and bored
Ooooooh lmao see glad somebody cleared that up because i know what was said
I want some more crab legs
I wanna go to the movies so bad
Nooooo huh!!! second season was trash tho
betagen senpai rted my tweet again
NBA is in full swing and I love it
I didn't get enough rest I'm not ready for tomorrow
He found it so funny that bush head
way too early for some bullshit
So many morning shifts gotta get use to this
make up
I don't know how to share a tweet
But go see
I done slept my day away
4 weeks until thanksgiving break
I have so much BTS merch... But I don't know where to put it in my room my room is just too fvcking small
Where did they fall too tho
Severe Sunday fear being an adult is absolute effort and stress
SIS THERES TOO MUCH HAPPENING I CANT KEEP UP
I envy people who can cook beautiful looking food like..
People got scarves for this game tonight .. but only 55 degrees
The process of building our brand starts next week and really excited
a bae is wanted.
OMG TNX SIS TIME TO REC NADARANG BY SHANTI DOPE CHAR
Tell her to reactivate
Can you do all of us a favor, and revive Please bring back the greatest show ever
court wednesday
Church Was Sooo Good..
Last one stg done
He punched into
Basically ALWAYS something
`
Happy birthday jakopie
, special thread buat kemusuhanku dari jaman leave balik lagi
so sick I got all the way to work just to find out off today
I want some breakfast
Ik bae and my sis tired of me but I changed my graduation trip from Jamaica to Indonesia I want to go play with the elephants
Ripped my pants last night I loved them pants man
I wish people wouldn't keep telling me it's "confirmed" I swear I've nearly had three heart attacks
I so wish I could attend all the Habs games, not just the home ones like last night was too fun I can't get over it.
If today I have class at 2
Please get well soon my baby!!
I need to go to town but stuck & my sleep coming down
i need plans for today
Listening to Kanye old music just the same like been debating on deleting or not
bitch i wait to be a homeowner
Every time listening to Idina like holy shit I met her!!! I met my Queen and then I get star struck all over again!
what am i going to watch on netflix now
we use to do that as kids too !!
i need to make a trip to ulta
I missed the festivities I was supposed to attend but I really fell asleep on accident, I was tired
Damn. 39 degrees. I wanna pull out a winter coat
Oh my god I thought I was the only one with this
junior grew up crying
In what hood not ?
My screen is shattered sis.
OH MY GOSH BOO WHAT DO YOU WANT?? JUST TELL ME WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME
Na-enjoy mo ba ang free strip show?
where Will went to nursery. They shut that bit down a while back tho
head over heels for jimin with blue hair
I be laughing the same since gone
tired of feeling nauseas all the time
i remember when i has the biggest crush on that video use to have me like
hit the bar and missed a pen. This game is clearly going only one way
Lmfoaoao me when drunk !
Im such a mama always cooking and cleaning for everyone who comes over
Bitches be tryna sound so decent so independent shit taking out ya own trash is a humbling experience
I had an erotic dream involving his fine ass last week. I was shaking
curly hair or straight hair i have anybody to ask these type of questions to anymore so choosing a hairstyle so hard
I think a fu**in shark will get him so sad
Pretty sure about 50% of the concert last night was wearing plaid/flannel. I hate to say I was a part of that 50%
It pains me to go back to work tomorrow after having 10 days off
Wildest shit heard do betta
My Mom keeps saying this. I finally get it.
Back niggas cliqued up & trying to be the Monstars.
My sister is so cute man making my birthday vvv special bless her
Wildest shit heard do betta
I just want one this real life how my daughter will look lmao
Yepp the same polymer or something like that literally no health benefits sns is just the name
cold going back in my damn house
I called you
The way I'm hungry like this ehn I don't think food can satisfy me
I wanna see it lol I wanna cry though
know Nipsey my baby
I see why people cut the back of they cap off when they glue down wigs.. this shit digging all in my scalp
My favourite game on our old 486 was a Sokoban box-pusher thing, but it turns out much less fun when you actually have to push
Seems we benched the same person fuck you dion you inconstant fuck
procrastinating cleaning up lemme knock this shit out . .
wait too come home
a fiend for concerts man
Cold Asf Up Here
i knew lisa was my spirit animal queens of messy bedrooms!!
As if the other week I got in asda when buying cold and flu tablets hahaha fuck sake realise I look under 16 !!!
I want a bacon egg and cheese
When your boyfriend is sick, your mum is sick, everyone is just sick can I even breathe in my own house.
That car note high af but my insurance high af
I feel this tweet
I really want to go to the Luke Bryan, Jon Pardi and Sam Hunt concert on Friday but I have nobody to go with
Saybaweli le cawa ye distinctions
wow Sehun
Had to make a new snap so add that
I had a gift card to the spa & idk where it is
Truuu hahaha
Def .. I feel like I need one everyday
King B, I was wrong
In Korean, smile means and angry means .
We were robbed of this notification for a whole hour
Trying to get myself together getting old and hang
SAMA SAMA TAYO!!
Vloging is something I wanna do so bad
jealous ryleigh at the mall with her aunt and uncle and stuck at work
The fact that I still have the old version of snapchat I hate the new version
Hearing ProVerb and Niyaaz say Mr "Knowles" mina ngithi Know-Les
Me please
I want to do my internship anymore 5 more weeks tho 5 more weeks
my day boutta be so productive
Bro everyone is dropping music wait for this on Tuesday
I talk to god At least twice a day about to same thing
They said we DBU
Truth It sucks
Fuck them anti queer straight tears. Don't me
I thought that was someone from out of town.
I miss her too I know I was freaking out when I was going thru my laptop and found old pics of them
I need a baby, I need to lose weight, a struggle neither will happen.
Fr. are my busiest days
they fell more & more out of love each day , i wonder did they see it coming . so sad . i hope i never
This video got me all kinds of weak face when running away!
Beyonce need to stop playing and give me this spooky ass album.
You having surgery?
I preview and mentally respond but then I forget to actually respond
Thought we would've had another pen at the time, looked stonewall to me
I wish I had this volume my hair be flat
the z for zayn
Why is my stomach is damn weak i cant wat anything spicy. And i have not eaten more than 2 weeks i think
wanna go to Taca
My baby be looking so peaceful when he sleep I be wanting to wake him up
seen 4 tweets about people missing Colorado this morning
I find you sis
i was so happy to be there to witness his first NHL goal and then they took it away from him! but this content
When all you wanna do is make good money and cater to son and have the same done to you in return
JEBAL!!!! DM HER/ME
It killlls me when he has to leave me every morning
steady laying my head down falling asleep
Can somebody tell me what just happened In the game I thought he scored not watching btw)
Fck me i should study rn . My first paper is tmrw . Wish me luckk !!!
I miss charm school
you think your life is hard.. imagine being a modern day ratchet hippie gypsy I never know what vibration on
Probably having a dinne at Prive or a party st my house . Undecided
Good point. Happy Birthday mate, believe working it
Come see me when your home
lol me and my girlfriend are the same i love her so much
my stomach hurt
how to forgive evan? i miss this hair
Yo what u doing to lose weight I been trying everything still out here looking like a big toe
Dudes from Chicago be a different type of fine
washed in the blood of the lamb
1,871,110 views so far If 800K of Yixing's followers minus fanbases and secondary accounts watched it at least
mental exhaustion is so real
Isnt this the cutest thing
Ms. Geralyn texted me what she cooked today.. so sad at work
I need a head massage, a back massage, I need it ALL
Maybe yee haw will be our always
somebody bring me pancakes
I may seem okay but deep down inside I just wanna go home real quick
Kay sent him her location and chuckled.
{StarLord }
Hurry! starting to suffocate me!
Heaawwwww my chest nwayi Oma Ada beke
Do not watch The Night Comes for Us when you are eating, dear self
Soul food Sunday?
dealing with a cancer right now, we have each moons in our 8th house. like infatuation
you need to fix your algorithm when I post a picture not all my followers see it explain
A continuing life mood
I would die if I went to a Russ concert
I think I'm dying. All of the nodes in my neck are swollen and killing me. I have the HauntaN1BirdPlague
Ayyyeee surprised it pop out than
so confused now
I need to clean my house, fold laundry, and go grocery shopping but I really just wanna lay on the couch all day
Same ugh
YES!! finally you
I really want to go to HHN or HOS
Im tired asf and my back hurt tho
already 500$ deep in phone bills, phones already suspended.. trying to have a decent party for my sons first birthday
It is 12:25 am and i am watching mukbang on ig
Ugh Chanyeol looks so good
I need some Chick-fil-A in my life
Fuck me
I wish I went to church this morning
Yusuke really is sonning everyone
Wake up every Sunday morning and get my workout in. Feels so good
Nothing Like A Off And On Relationship With Your FirstLove Bitchhh We Are In Love .
I miss my hair being black and healthy
call me an addict but I need your satisfaction
I want that seafood , a lifesaver
Not ready for this training aye
Wanna fuck a water bed
it's cold as shit outside
Wash day for 3c/4a hair is an ALL DAY PROJECT
This is my SOS signal
Someone... anyone... please... HELP.. ME!...
Wish I could be one of those girls that made effort all time with tan hair and make up but I just cba
Only women are not vitcims
Men also suffer
u know that i that pussy right she just wanna ride this dick all night
Where did the warm weather go.
hearing the cutest little cat snores right now and dying of cuteness!
Brandin Cooks, Alshon, Isaiah Crowell, Coleman,or Lesean as my flex? too many options is actually a detriment.
just tired like I literally can not get up, wrong with my body
It makes me sad that only 1 and almost bigger than me
Definitely Feel Like Going To Work Today Tired
Sooo many pretty girls man
How is it possible that I blocked half of these fools and am still seeing their tweets. Damn
Bro go for the tie
Yess they on yo ass
I caught so much hell last night
This goofy ass driver
If she put the cooter on pri I was sleep
I want pho
go again
Body contact with another human
getting married in less than 3 weeks and I am so stressed out.
Had to block both of them so they would stop stalking me and their gfs
Juco bro in Kansas too missing all type of cash
Wow so out of shape
I wanna get my nosed pierced
Stomach feel queasy
everything i plan is expensive
First of all Look at my girl
I been using this new oil in Autumn hair & been growing so fast
This man is just Please God just let this man slip and fall right into my mouth
please go follow my instagram thristy for followers and likes
About last night tho.
I wish I could relate to this.
I had a picture but I lost it they should be 17.95
Niggas calling water falls skies and shit. Dirty niggas calling boss women bitches. Oh the horror
Waking up from this coma
I need to try to make my family come together so we can have Sunday dinner but they always busyso I might have
its a poor choice of two warring parties! You have a good eve too.
freezing
why are you so cute
Had this shit lastnight the mf devil
When will the reign of white supremacy end? We must eliminate ALL cows that produce white milk IMMEDIATELY!
Work kicked my butt this weekend ... and I still gotta work today
I really wanted to go to the movies today clearly I need some more friends
wait for this week to be over
wait for sembreak
I just want constant sex it like when i want it i get it type shit
I wait to watch just tryn to get through the vampire diaries
Just now waking up
I need my hair & my nails done
Ima sucker for pretty eyes man.
Can I be your travel buddy
Waiting 6 weeks to know whether passed my last nursing exam is killinnnngggggg me
i know
Can someone e transfer 10,000$ in my bank account so I can just buy a house already
All hail Seongwu hyung with his cuteness.
Swear having an endo flare up feel like my innards have been ripped out and stomped on
thank you my LOVE
We really dedicating ourselves to this and so proud of us like giving this my all cause i want it to go as far as possible
All over my timeline since yesterday huhu so jealous charot okay lang ako haha
going to make me cry thank you Jamil Wil!!
Watch me shoot my massive load
I wait till school
Idk weh how to check
All I want is Chinese food rn
Currently dying
Lol I definitely mean it this way. basically saying overprotective of all the women in my life
been a nice 4 months off but time to join the gym again
teach me
Bitch so I guess they CAN transplant your attitude
Let work be over tho
Just tell me how you feel & give me the options to FW you or not!
Queen, just end me already
if satan looked like cody fern i wouldnt hesitate to pop my pussy for the devil
Service was amazing!
Had a dream I was in labor, woke up feeling like I was Had a heart attack
I'm a whole mess
No me hagas llorar Miss you too! see when I go out there next we def out to get some food
I feel so exhausted
Awe :(
maybe you just buy the DVD. I'm thinking about it; I need to watch season 13 I'm so addicted xD
Just have to remind myself that this grad school shit will pay off
Besides alcohol, I try to make sure what I put in my body is good for it now it sucks ass tho
need this 24/7 babe
Would Bee die for Joshua Hong? Yes
why are u like that
I wanna skip few steps and already see behind the scenes of this mv cuz.. u know... ot9 being cute together and stuff
Oof. Holy crap that was beautiful
tryna give this girl kids man
Its forcing me to be a fan its not my choice
was supposed to be getting well needed rest this weekend, been drunk since I got out of work Friday now wore out
oof monday's impact
ngantuk but i still have another 2 mask to apply, the struggle iz real
I wanna man.. sick of being single
nothing makes me nut harder than some good hummus
Hello Miss soon to be Mrs Padukone...it's illegal to look pretty like that
Stomach killin me but what time do the game come on ?
i hate getting a text when not from who i wanna talk to
Scream it louder for the people in the back!! So happy that saying this, it sucks that people do this
Sigh tell me about it
I really just want this for my birthday really the only thing i want
I really want some crawfish
Ya soo frustrating
. When I say I into asians, this is what I meant I INTO ASIANS BRUV
Arghhh...damn! This is so sad
I want a puppy
I still got no energy from lastnight
atm nya wa tay kan anay?
is right next to where i work so always goin there on my break too broke and
Russ coming to the UK man
minyoon was really risin high in thailand..... malaysia cant relate
SHE IS STRONG. BUT SHE IS EXHAUSTED
Why has my mam left me in the house on my own without a dinner, this be allowed
Jheeeez imagine him singing empty space to you or can I be him
Fact say everybody just a walk by like seh it normal
I wanna just get this class over with so I can focus on my major requirements already
tired too
I hate when i think about my grandma in georgia i just cant go sit and talk to her like i want to
Me too
I swear I was just saying I need a new necklace
I like the Titans going for the win but damn that hurts
No seriously I was screaming in the movies.
the friend requests on fb are out of control like am I getting hacked or something?!
A you dis when Man U bout fi kick off
I want to make more friends but irk how to do that when a playground is not involved
When it hits you that you have to wait until next season to see the play again
Who put voodoo on my love life ? No way i should be feeling like dissssss
Maybe tenth time's the charm
tryna let my phone charge up some so i can shakeback & relax Ina tub
Just got off FaceTime with my big boy I miss him
Except fish. But everything else i cut out. Shrimp was the hardest they so damn good! Lol
Nope clusterfeeding
I had my bridgedale socks on, never given me bother like this before
Ok let me go to the mall
need someone to be lazy w when I get off work
Starting to miss my natural hair
I woke up to someone sending me a camera roll of his dick pics it looks so naaaaassstyyy
I wish I could afford it the joys of having bills
My makeup was FYE yesterday gotta see it
trying to cut back on all the mint tea drinking bc I only got one box in Budapest and already halfway through it. Ouch
Appt tomorrow w/ the high risk doctor..bittersweet Me & T gotta be there bright and early too
OMG! thats so disrespectful
I want his beige coat
This Lagos heat
The fact that my moms retirement is coming up & she's not even anywhere near hitting 45yrs old is just awesome
chromaverb skin is honestly
Ella Mai feat H.E.R - Gut feeling
Wow hook me with the Rabbi too
Ooooooooooooh shit. spit
Taylor said when I drink tequila Yasmin comes out
They had to SUPER ZOOM to see him do this
Phew! I bet with the Chargers... that was a close one
I had so much fun yesterday
This would be the best honestly
I need my bed
I really wish I could go but I have prelims to study for
Girly you should make an ASMR video where I soft or whisper I would totally listen to that every night
u left a kudos on my fic and i had a heart attack oh??? which fic of yours was it!! i read a few short ones
I want to go get tacos from Quinteros but the lineeeee
I procrastinate so bad . I still have 2 papers I have to complete
I had NOTHING to do all day too wish I saw this earlier we could of gone for food together
I agree
I also know what to cook tomorrow might be Tortilla soup
Titans...Dumb play call...dumb call all around.
Getting my hair blowed out today . I cant wait to come back home & sleep .
Relateable to WHO tho thats the sad part
I WAS SUPPOSE TO SEND OUT BELLAS INVITES MONDAY. AND ITS SUNDAY. OMG. my family & friends are gonna hate me.
I want some finger waves who got me?
Man I agreed to do a favor at the last minute that I feel like and I have agreed
Did they ever really breakup
i know a whole family who didnt believe in flushing it idk if its some type of religious think or what man
Seriously
Ptdrrrrrr c une grosse blague hatem wsh
Worked all weekend. I am so exhausted
in need of more sports bras
See how good they look
Hi James I love you..that is it! I can never think what to ask you. xx
I was all lit too lmaooo bad ass night though
Hais u're so freaking cute eventho u're right beside me
Anybody else watching this
Checking... difficult part
throwing this cake down like angikhuluphele ukufa.
Girly you should make an ASMR video where you soft talk or whisper I would totally listen to that every night
Omg so jellly
Lopetegui Sacked .. I feel for him
The wait between last Thursday and kickoff today has been incredibly long. I miss the Eagles.
I always set my toilet on the morning after a night of drinking.
I really wanna see ot8 concert again they can have sooseofany as their guest
I saw! It was just so cold
My girl really fine ass hell.
I was shook
Pumpkin flavored or scented shit is trash. It's on EVERYTHING right now
Both of my parents are savage, yet me come a worl come tun man clown
I need someone to watch Nyla
I have *at least* 20k left I'm not really going by word count, because I'm an
Keri Hilson needs to go back to the studio
I have to move around my room today
Thank you lovely, you too! All the sounded amazing from downstairs! Just hate the waiting
Uggggh YES!!!! Like why people put emotions into their texting!!!!!
I only got ga
Yes!!! just message me whenever going!
Yes! I believe it almost been married for a whole year omg
Writing a personal statement for uni is putting me off going ffs
Shameless isn't resuming until January next year, and I am having withdrawal symptoms already
I haven't seen my phone since 4:00 yesterday
such an embarrassment yall kids should just stay in school
Had no idea Khalid could hit such angelic high notes like this
My Titans done pissed me off. I can't believe I skipped church for this bullshit.
working 7 days straight got 4 more days to go Friday wyaaa
Let me gone head and place my order cause they are dancing
It's about that time of year.
They really need to bring this back
I condone thot activity on the TL...especially when clearly for attention
def between alabama, msu, & famu now I need to schedule visits asap
gotten to the point where the gym is very aversive. In desperate need of a change.
This Sunday Dinner Boutta Be BUSSIN Okurrt !
feeling so weak, I feel myself getting sick
nothing feels more better than those close slow pegaditas, cheek to cheek last night was something
I cooked breakfast for 6 people mf tied.
Niggas got the most to say when you want em
I like working in baggage claim smh
Innalillahi her shoes
battle of the century
still feeling that class from yesterday.
Since tomorrow is monday, I need to sleep early
23.30, what early you mean huh?*
I just wanna be cuddled up Mitch my dawg
i don't have the car but i'll gladly take you up on the offer lol
Finally hanging out with one of my mom friends today, and then after my son & I are gonna go hang out with his GG today
My dad really has me at the swap meet at this hour of the day
Somebody go to the fair wimme
Scary movies all day and sleep
Damn I really miss my best friend
I am trying! like the Sahara Desert out hereee
Wanted to wash my hair but too cold
At least they're not League One
idk why I'm up so early
wrong with casual dating
I do
Tryna cuddle allday , before I gotta hit the clock tonight .
I saw why thou
nothing like losing one of yo best head doctors
only been 24 hours since I dropped Jake off and I stop worrying about him only 10 more days to go
this would make me so sad
Honestly !!
how is she even more pretty now
in church and my stomach growling so loud
Nah I need this, when you coming back to Miami?
TITANS WHY?!?
Im ready 4 my taste buds 2 kick in shit everything sound nasty.
I love my mosquito bites, until i want to wear an outfit you gotta have tatas for
Mess & people were blaming Melo saying he spit on CP3 by mistake
Craving braaied meat
Laundry day am I childish for having my mom wash my clothes cause I gotta work
they close down Champps tho
I need to know your skincare routine sooo Gorgeous
I just wanna be cuddled up with lul dad
He only had 14 against Auburn and 0 against LSU that year. So if you look at it that we, we improved....right
Niggas be in a relationship in 4 days and in love in 1 week
cheeee sangues assim
Me muero por conocer un wholefoods
my favorite i love youuuu
why did I look up teacup Pomeranians
Stg from 8am till now slobbing & Everything
Please add the scenes from Joke and Change, Agust D, more of Airplane!
This is so cool. i want full version!
Watch Rell and my brother call me again today trying bid smh
My face can stop breaking out anytime now....
I'm so tempted the fan looks so cute uwuwu
been claimed. Sorry!
Powerful and legendary
Finally done with requirements
I need to find a church out here
Im in Chicago visiting my grandma & she keeps calling me Pocahontas. Good intentions but full of shade! lol! Grandmas be so shady!
I wanna go to the lake
Chargers barely won but fuck it
I accidentally fell asleep yesterday and slept for 17 hours..
All I want to do is sleep all day but I have to work
Thanks..
i know jamie lee curtis shits be lethal all that activia in her system
Aw I know there was a discount
Church was everything
Man oh man , October 30th needs to hurry up asap
Bitch my grandma really just said la she was talking about the oregano
Ready for my direct deposit to hit
You are confused.. I am a Husky.. the team the Ducks beat last week.
Wish mines was
This weekend has been really therapeutic for me. I love my friends soooo much
Just now waking up
"lyrics to my new song" sounded like "publicity stunt" to me
I think gone off roast dinner, wtf is wrong with me
I dunno, he just went to the toilet and passed out. Found him on the floor, all pale and floppy
that makes two of us sis
I need some motivation to cook these steaks I just wanna move from my bed.
Been there and done that already brudda
i really think this woman is gorgeous
nut time In my mouth
this distance is too much for my heart to handle Im forever missing you
Going To MLK Just For Some Eggs And Fish
so confused
PLS the whole yena nation thinks a legend I could never nana for president
yes!
these kids are more fashionable than ever be in my entire life!!
I need to wash my hair
be fooling with Dee
I wish I could go but I cant go to the UK :(
I want some
Those henny wings calling my name
I stop wearing them, when i i feel so different
Well ye r a gundog fit dey di xpect numpty hoomanz
This is what trying to do
Titans catch a break this season
I never ran that quick into my Uber . the guy hugged me when he introduced himself I still smell him sies
I'm trying to put a positive slant on it
I Just Want A Bond . Never Fold
ok I looked bomb last night and I did not get one picture
I CANT CHOOSE
My heart says yes but my bills say no
I want to stay employed chief.
Good morning everybody happy Sunday. Thank God for seeing another day
see i said if right just determined to have a damn baby!
country roads
/
_/||
take me home
\
|| \_
All I want is Beth man
I feel like we do this anyway
I know because so far I was closer when I lived at my last apartment! I just wish it was cheaper, I stayed
I swear I ALWAYS get myself in the most awkward situations and it used to be funny and now just like can I
Lol . Dealin wit that dumpster across those tracks it might take some time
Ughhh i need my nails done for my senior portraits now .. i hate spending money
I need mom friends who will go do kid shit with me and my kids
lol foreal? good to know then.
Are you in a relationship with why mra curious
waiting on man
I have yet to take a real photo in this costume
Can we bring back these peak early 00s hairstyles please? I miss my butterfly clips
just recruit this man already
Lucky you all the food there is halal
There needs to be another day between Sunday and Monday
mad Mary lees closed
aww guys come on someone please reply to me and tell me happening with my order
Ham & swiss croissants frm Starbucks are sooooo good
I'm a broke bithx currently
trying to find out where I can buy Legend a gold necklace and bracelet from
Same here, tried twice and end up getting bored or distracted
going to have a heel walking class tired of seeing all these baby deers selling ugg insoles at the class no excuses
Derek of course
Asif I have just ran a full bath in cold water
I really really want to go to Top Off
About fucking time tryna throw out my liver and kidneys legally
Fb group ng mga manyak, ugh. Search mo dito sa twitter, you'll see lots of threads exposing them. Mga kadire sila
Drunk most definitely got me last night
Every now and then without warning, i can be really mean towards youuuuu
My heartttttt
Me when Chris Brown died in stomp the yard
I wanna go to the movies so bad
Lol she says she has a fever/migraine this weekend so i'm trying not to hold it against her. Still sad tho
Brilliant to spend time together mate, Shake about our few hour drive
Completely forgot about our movie date and her hair appointment looks like I be sleeping all day lol
The ones who mob & stuff!
I stay away from my nephew, so damn adorable
So sick of feeling fed up and anxious every single day
This man at the resort came up to me and my boyfriend and was like the most beautiful person here! So sweet
so weak. let him know
I saw a Chicken Tortilla Soup recipe that looked bombAF
This is ADORABLE
god of clear skin. Have mercy on me
Damn I miss being in Maryland sometimes
Not sure about that
sick of it
Girl you look like you having twins and you Tb 2 More weeks Congrats Baby
craving steak, potatoes, and broccoli bad af
I was just there
got great memes that I want to send but they never send
I want to color my hair
We're all growing old.
My brother never walks his dog and i feel so bad & i would walk him except he would literally walk me
Kim birthday and the day all my monthly bills get deducted out of my bank account worst day ever omg
I miss you too sus
I so badly want to beat this small girl but not my child,
So mannerless
Why do I drink?! I always hate myself the morning after
so jealous!! I hope you have so much fun! I really want to see her live one day
Omg Yesss like why
I need I love huskies but too big. Pomskies are perf !
Can't wait to start my life afresh
Hold gonna be a storm? wish known that before I signed up for the race
cold here too! only the beginning
Join the club
wow UR MIND so powerful queen
Capek nge chat duluan, if you need me I'll reply Kalo engga yauds
Shit me too!!
I wanna get a job at hallmark
what following u to Vegas. Running into your car
Awwww she looks so happy
Why i have THE GIFT?!
omm! a lot of ppl told me why I act the way I act
This is so sad
I want long straight hair
So are Winnie and Wiz dating? Cause if so so here for it
I wanna scam
Bruh yours are cosmetic not medical
Maggie and Marko but two BOYSssss
I had two fun size snickers yesterday and this morning my skin is not having it
PEMDAAAAAAS shit one of us got common sense. ready. do this shit
I know in for a cold week
still zoomed if those edibles... I ate two days ago
Me as ur barkada.
LMAO I get passed this knew he had it comin
you are so cute
if i knew my kids was gonna be gone:.
gotta see halloween & go to a haunted house
real bestie me please
Now her attitude is nasty plus she control her habits good mama good daddy good girl gone baaaaaaad
Hate going out on Saturdays now cos I get a 2 day hangover and I have work on mondays
an Alex plan right there. Uncredited as usual.
happy birthday mags! i love and miss you so much :)) maybe one day we can get wrecked by the waves again in cali
Las cherrys tambieen, lo odio
Exhausting.
sis i know stiLL TRYING
I really want to remove my dreadlocks but what if short hair won't suit me? Ngeke!
I have so much stuff to do
Omg I will bless you when I have 2 functioning legs
My exact thoughts
Why do love grabbing limp dicks so much
No I drove to SWFM and entered wahala
Need me a lil pup
Sunsets on the road
Legit wish I had money for all this shit but broke
Omg I even imagine
not me being illiterate n fucking up a test just bc i read as
I miss both so much
He was everything only relationship wanna go back to
ugh this is so cute
Barriga ta cheiona bicho
Need My Hair & Nails Done
Woke up beyond sore but we 7-0
i should be asleep rn
Me too
we going to the beach tn
??? OS DIAS HOJE ASSIM.. INFELIZMENTE
Wait already October 21st???
want some Pancit
Wooow just got off the most intense set
Why did i eat spinach and eggs at 1 this morning so sick!
so... I even taken a sip of my $6 latte and missing like, 2inches of drink.
can i skip this week? ughhh kapoya mag exam ug defense
I swear
Is that Matt Laflour? If it is the offensive coordinator
Why did I think it was a good idea to paint everything white done!!!
I even think she was that old.
If you see it in HD sorry but when I downloaded it it was in HD
so tired bruh i feel like doing shit today but i really need to
Wow, transphobia everywhere rn
I honestly forget to reply to people and not on purpose
Las cherrys lo odio
I have the most beautiful niece & nephew ever! AB got the green eyes like all the boys & Lilly got blue. my
I want some of your brown sugar
Yea sis getting her box ate
want some iced coffee
I miss you na hon ko.
My GarageBand just crashed and deleted all of my files. pushing back the EP release. Technology sucks.
You should care, and the fact that you dont says a great deal about you.
still zooted off those edibles I ate...two days ago
Last night was really everything to me rapped EVERY song Kevin Gates presented
Bro ik it's fuckin heat right? I gotta see how these bills gonna be first though because you know ya boi still gotta eat
Another day another dolla
H-how is his skin still so beautiful
~ even without makeup on
I need a haircut, I feel ugly af
At home bored come get me
She so fucking fine
Too many errands
But the military let me be great.
Trying to be fake busy in the house is the worst
I wanna go to the studio .
That day better come even sooner
Bitches get shot and run right back to the shooter convinced niggas got dickkk dickkkk
Thank you! I actually love them this time
Really tired stuck to my bed.
so happy this my off days week
In that sea of red!
Keeping up with my LTE connection because its so slow! Watching streams then anticipating the killing part yet
most likely have her own stage
WHEN that day comes, Bring me with you
I think getting sick
You should have added Style +
I want scallops so bad now but scallops are not in my budget this week
Because of a match that went to extra time smh
Hopefully I make it to the sprint store today, it is time lol
I living right
BIG shout-out ALL my supporters supporting from the bushes
March needs to hurry tf up
Must be nice to born in the song family bith.... u get natural contouring and u still look fly asf without makeup
What in the entire fuck The full storage notifications finally got to me
cant wait to see your smiles in person!!!
I been home all weekend, so Matthew calls me and tells me taking me to dinner tonight cause he misses me
Mindy has every Chanel bag ever made
Kantsi how do yall eat them, Nrateng?
putting so much pressure on my uterus on the left side annoying I can barley walk fr
Straight red for bullshit
After this Orlando city game its back to reality
I need a whole lot of God
I gotta have Ruth Chris ASAP! Been craving that steak for a minute now.
go ahead tell them you want to hit me
BUT YOUR BEST FRIEND YA
\
( (>
_/ \_
BUT YOUR BEST FRIEND YA
I always want Chic-Fil-A in Sundays
Kiss the girl??? No! I won't kiss the bloody girl she will break my heart You kissssss you kiss the girl
Then follow meeee
Lmfaooo did I surprised I made it home
I look for shit no more last night made me realize how much of a attitude I really have
How is my body this sore?!
I get paid next week soooo really tryna get them yeezys
so sleepy but also still have stuff to do for tomorrow
I literally refuse to spend the night here I cannot omg
i woke up and forgot this girl fell on me last night & my body hurts
sister drop your paypal may allah swt accept it from your mother and you
ready for my Sero wall to flourish just like this
so glad off tomorrow, I need a break from my patients already
This hunter education course is a drag
Me. This is me. We understand each other
Brodie bro b off the drugs he be trippn off da medsss
Back to work tomorrow after ten days off, be arsed
i like having money but damn .. why i gotta work for it
Chill
These purple bag of chips right now going to regret it later
They got Rondo spitting on CP slow mo. clear as day
I always want Chick-Fil-A on Sundays
It's from the David Bowie collection
My aunt put her husband out now she think she have to cook today
Everytime I go to church my pastor speaks on everything thinking about before I go
I ddnt feel Yanga on this . No emotions
this type of shit >>>>
All I do is work and sleep with a little partying on the side
Hopefully danie can go to the baby shower
Come back to Kansas!!!
Ya Allah so exhausted right now
Dont know how many times i prayed & bump my head
meri cousin mujay bhool gayi hai
Just bought a new macbook and some my ass always want so much shit it ridiculous
i want some doughnuts
the tragus piercing hurt
How did I not know this??!
Oh hun
It's taking forever for 1 o'clock to get here
Splitting headache
got me over here crying and shit watching this damn video
Or conspiracy theories
i had my auntie clean the oxtails last night , but i marinate them ... hope still flavorful .
My boob hates me why I Iearn my lesson the first time
a Freak And knows it
i wait to get my necklace fixed
I think my hip broke it hurt so bad
somebody come netflix n chill w butta
I need to get this hip tattoo finish
I wanna start getting up in the mornings at 5 to do cardio!
believe I love grilled cheese
I wanna go to Manhattan again but the traffic is always ridiculous & cold today
Hopefully I see you later
I hate my life
she got crazy on her I'm looking for the video now!
sorry that's what i meant
yall ever be takin showers and the water hits your back in the spot
drop that skincare routine sis
bitchhh this stomach gone go whatever pants I put it in
Why is getting my own wee house so difficult
Got too many lounging clothes. I need to get rid of this stuff.
Stop. I have a baby at 19
still can't believe my voice is completely gone
I have to finish this assignment before I get off
I was craving wings
Life can be so draining
candy apples so good
you even need the milk
Jonna and I could have slept on the bed the normal way since Jaime end up sleeping horizontally with us
wait people suck on their brushes? yikes thats some gross habit barbara
I wanna go to a buffet
and give that bitch right the fuck back
Yea hopefully
I have a knot in my throat trying so hard not to cry saying bye to my family
Praying today go by fast
been waiting for someone to do this
eating oats atm. sheeet ensherep.
tryna see the new Halloween movie
Want some soul food
Wish
I can see why keeping love life is hard
I wait to be in an adult ass relationship
Need my feet and back rubbed
I'm so over me being sick I'm staying in the bed alday NOT going no where
Omg that place is so visible
he was close af and spit right on my man
Take me back to high school! Some of my best days! Saltus was LIT, lit!
do all his work for him just so he can ignore me
Cheryl
I know what to wear for my birthday
I think what they want to do
I miss having that female friend I told everything to , or we stayed on the phone... stay geeking . I miss a close friend
hiring ??
When the alarm clock goes off and you know time to get up
You gotta drop more of a hint than thattttt
Why did I pick up this shift
Sis about to pass out
I need to
i really cannot wait til i get my own place
If I rep who will
I came across so many people from New Orleans this weekend that I even understand how people say I talk country
Not done this class and getting emails for the next one.
They looks like flower gods
so beautiful
I wait to sit under the dryer and be warm
This thread
but bitch put yo hands on me
Right lol. And Sunday
really debating on hiring Maria again because i have zero desire to straighten up this home of mine
Then holding hands
I am in the same boat 100%.
girls are looking like this on homecoming!??????? damn she looks like she turning 21
hey girl
hey girl
we can make it easy if we lift each other
Bitch I need some sleep
I promise she is able but she want help with every fucking thing this test, clean my room, wash my
this is how I be everytime I jam him he even know
I wanna go to church more but i work so much I literally never have time
Ugh love her happy birthday pretty
I Need A Body Massage
he got me thinking ab prom bro i wait
You asked that question
I really wanna buy a few chemical peels but literally the price of a vacation
I got my period yesterday and I literally wanted to cry. Grateful.
I fell asleep hellah fast last night .. I was tired asl
i hope he saw this
I wanna go off roading today
U tried to take a 45sec nap u cutting up
I just need it to pass
I distance myself from everybody
Man I kept dreaming about sex I had to wake myself up!
Guys when they get catfished in denial
SHE IS NOT A CATFISH TO ME
\
( (>
_/ \_
really need to catch up on my sleep
very artistic yet I cannot do makeup howww
I can't sleep at all ajdjksjx I didn't even nap for more than an hour this afternoon I thought I'd be fine
Someone give me a reason to dress up. I got some dresses that I wanna wear
make this into a song
Days off be going by so fast
come with me? bc miss you too
Somebody always hating for no reason
food
My sister is in San Antonio with a lot of our friends and stuck here im extra sad
honestly!! about darn time
Oh sounds cold outside
This mf wake up with the shits .. she let off the gas at all
Me Friday when amazon comes thru w that red dead
Wala na, di nko nakareview ng MLSP huhuhu i badly need to review but i want to sleep na
Your a 10
cant trust anyone who spits like this
Me girl say she want try phone sex so me buy her a iPhone X
bad
is Jamaican so she know what I mean lol I hope she does fr
We miss you always
Bored
literally counting down the days until the semester ends atleast be one less thing I have to stress about for a month or so ..
these ig thotties/ e girls have a special filter and i wanna know what filter they b using
If you see me in waffle house its not me its bill
this month is me out
neeeeed mr gattis in my life
get used to it, inseong
Lol these hoes lame bro I approve nobody for you lol
Like right now right now
if i buy tickets i wanna go with youuuuu
Let me give you this one inch, man
dude so sorry I remember falling over you LMFAO I have bruises all over
I know you do luv and likewise about time for update interview soon a lot has happened but
How do New Yorkers go till 4 AM? I'm still recovering recovering
living through your snaps
i wait til my hair is long enough to loc
i need friends in the oc/anaheim area
I slept so good lastnight I want my baby to leave
Miss you more be up there next weekend
They telling me to go to Benoni tomorrow...yoh hayi ndiyaQuita kodwa
Wtf I just want this in my life
Lol only bc most of my fav people r so get a pass, but I always miss your bday stuff
Ugh man
Loving my frontal wig
I cant wait till bri comes home
I just wanna hold my baby and go to sleep
I just need a good ole fashioned massage
Same, je te comprend
My phone be soo dry
Overdue for a trip to Raleigh
there's no way i'll ever meet billie
tried
We think alike
my head is pounding and my feet hurt
Concert &&
I always crave Chick-fil-A on
I wish I could breathe
I wish I had my car on campus these legs take me EVERYWHERE
HAHAHA im always sick in november november thru february are the months im usually sick as fuckkk.
I wanna watch the new Halloween movie but I want to watch it by myself
I want a girlfriend
fuck it up buy one
im so ready to itch my scalp
I knew it
mind blown
Yep just cost me a nice treble stupid horse days been a joke
Send a life jacket my way. drowning
Hate having to do anything work related on a Sunday Sundays are for lazy days!! Lmao
I hit my toe a couple days ago at the gym and it STILL hurts. Like it happened Wednesday
i luv when yall add me to lists so sweet
Why do weekends have to go by so fast?
When you order a takeaway and it takes so long to reach you
I want breakfast
His little legs!
I stand a mf with all brown on from head to toe .... ok okay you the shit bro
Add dodo to the list now
he looks so proud of his speech and im so proud of him too look at that baby
I hate using cheap ass toilet paper...almost fingered my ass
25 next year and i need to start thinking of ideas which involve every single one of his mates
AYEEEE.. preciate it family!! and bro we definitely have to hit the bars now
I was ready for basketball season
3 more weeks till my quince & I still need a dress.
Dabs help me eat, flower MAKES me eat
i guess we are all just bilingual... our minds
It wasn't my Fav.. .
you could tell it was made by a Kelly stan when you read that women's tag team championship match.
i want this to be my life so badly
I yelled at my computer. Lol
I met my goal of clearing up my skin now time for me to meet my goal of taking my health more serious. I need to start eating better
Yazin
Upset I get to go to the State Fair this year
Guess babe will have to take me twice next year
wHo let him walk out the house lookin THAT good
My bed is so comfy missed sleeping on a bed so much lmao
so mad. All my pants go passed my thighs
never be in my feelings for no bitch that tweet was to prove a point dumb bitch and look at you stalking me gtf our yo feelings
Fall is over. officially winter time.
I hate washing my own clothes
Planning out my week! I gotta go harder than last week For sure !!!
Reply my dm plix dears
I saw a girl in Zara wit some on yesterday i turned my head and act like i see shit
been back on my crackhead shit lately and i slept in my bed for the past two nights but that bitch kinda startin to look real sexy
Seeing old close friends was so nice and fun I missed a lot of them
Girl he homeless I share either but knowing where my next meal gon come from fr
I feel like been fucking up way too many times and i just get it together
My mind is such a mess to come out with detailed theory
Update
KAGANDAAAAAAAAA. LISTEN TO IT WHILE CLOSING YOUR EYES
blue,purple, or blonde. im sced to color my real hair though
Who has a baby I can I borrow. I need baby love
No the film expired
My watering
This week has taken its toll
i love when my nephew when leaving my house lol misss yu to baby
25-40an
Coffee is life but palpitate is lifer kagigil!
is Adrean Highschool an alternative school?! It looks like a little jail
I need to do my laundry, this little girls laundry
I really miss my husband I believe been 6 months, life of a military wife
Goodbye straight hair
i love when they coordinate
I wanna go out to eat today
fam what do you do when u watched all the series on Netflix
Yo sorry but fuck some chitterlings up with the hot sauce and vinegar
Can they send their angels to postpone the 2 back to back exams I have this week?
The city kinda fucked up right now
Why do guys think this is funny
Wait one fuckin min!!! The chain is fye bih with the extendo
I just can't get enough of me being sick I'm staying in the bed alday NOT going no where
Dear Lord
omg sorry boo
Ever wished you had ya rebound back? cause da main lil ting yu diss dem for
Love dem hoes jedd
Omg I love they band so much why we have one
It even scary at all either the only time I jumped was on a scene that even scary
My craving has definitely been sweets. eat them before but not often. I want something sweet everyday now
Even if he wrote it from jail Cause my letter meant everything to me
the learning here???Some work to do to make sure everyone wants to come back next week. Sad when there
text me anytime this is me 24/7. i feel so alone in jonesboro. I need some ally & tia in my life asap
wait
my life would just be so meaningless with out you
Once I get my life together at the end of the week going to record this intro video for my vlog
This week is a super busy week for me
Brunch from Breadwinners would hit rn need to make that happen soon
my mouth still hurts & feels sore
Thank you!
Idk what kinda uggs I want, so many cute ones to choose from
I do not want to go get my laundry from the basement
I feel soo lame with reg earphones
Having feelings for somebody will have you doing dumb shit but also have you ready to cry cus you fucked up if that make sense
had a west chester banger in a while
I want a nap so bad but these damn people are in the bird room & I lay down.
This is my last week to be free .
Moments before this I locked the keys in the trunk
Sounds so good rn
Um then I deserve you if you deserve me????
Shit i cook && clean no fine ass women throwin they self at me. And I drop you off to get the fill
i watch this video every other week. she's so smart for this
Telling goodbye gets harder and harder every time we have to do it
Uhm wow I'm speechless.... How did he finish up that dish ?!
I gotta get up early asf for work
Ooh he was tearing Rondo up
I'm sick for like the 10th time this month why are you dying?
My nails are so pretty
I want a guy best friend
that be that hurt HURT
Finally got my lashes off
Me too and not pregnant
Ahh no that kit clash looked terrible as well!
That chocolate just do sum to me man
Or get back on my dance team
Yes please.
Oh shit-I go soon switch to private
I want a tattoo
It shows you even open it
You cannot be cute and thirsty. Ugh
When said this is just a new Lust for you really made me think about how I used to move. Lol no
i hate when my nipples be rock hard
I know what my personal brand would be School is making me think about it
Me after too much SA!
But such a patient person, still holding on for the Top
okayyy so nhc is busking in london at 8:30am/9am, my bus normally arrives at 7:25am... let's hope I don't miss them
Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhh. going to ruin him.
June come fast enough
Super bloody but so good! I seen a good scary movie in forever
is the funniest person ever know
Bro Hope you sue them. Stay strong!!!
Come to Kansas and show you a yee haw of a time
we almost had it all
My ass is really a Henny and Wine girl
How will we now have money?
I beat my sickness in 1 day
how can you not know what this is
I just need a chance lemme get up witchu
Off work off school off life. exhausted
I've never felt him from day 1. The hype around him
I been waiting for this brunch since last Sunday
I lost my headphones some1 pls kill me
I always wear clothes out the kid section whenever I wanna match my kid.
I fit a 14/16 but the bottom a diff story
apple juice is so good
a whole human being on here whose every tweet is a bit much. I follow her but she keeps popping up on my TL bc of retweets
Just want to drive
3 where you
i stg Bay Area got the best mexican food
.
with and We start the week on
A game neither team looks like winning or losing
little brother made this Army airplane in honor of me..
so far from the best sister in the world
I
I still miss
Being back home, the nearest Wawa is like 25 minutes away.
thanks babe
LMAOOO yes beyond petty! Reasons why I just want to pack it up and move far
You old tramp mate if that was nanny mon she woulda tumped him up. What a vile human
He was the main reason why I even paid attention to Soul Eater in the first place
I'll just see some people in my TL, like when tf did I follow you
aww he spit on him
finna devour some shit today.
Hah wow huh, I drew this in summer school in June. Imagine Jim high on pot
Im more sore today, then I was yesterday.
ima dm u my i suck at messaging back via twitter
Bruh so ready to get my hair done been too long
Hello bubs :D WHY SO PRETTY
I wanna leave the house
Grant I need closure!!!!
I have a brunch date at 2 but hungry now
I took some pics today but Idk if I should post them
Ugh i hated how Julie Plec ended The Originals
Who's your dealer pls
Nah I was dropping a 40 bomb and I got kicked cuz retarded teammates are kill hungry so I get that XP
I miss Cheddar
I really want some cabbage and meatloaf
Think a me ya call sorry
I need a Ginger Ale!!!!
Vhope, the most underatted and beautiful fucking ship ever, i love them so much
Me too Sammy
I want one
One day I will beat this.
Rosarito was toooo fun but I miss my bed
Out off all my friends the only one with a boy everyone has a girl
My daughter is so picky with food now. She knows exactly what she wants and want lol.
... I
When people thinks your cousin is your boyfriend some just be close with their male cousin in peace
I believe that !!
Wow, I pack for shit
It will feel like a lifetime
I just took the best two hour nap of my life.
What happened to saving money for concert
I got sick fast af
needs to stop giving all the influencers clothes and stock up their website
On some REAL shit, I know who thought they had next, but sorry sis.. I got Erykah for lifeeee! I love
I want to go see Halloween at the drive in movies
omg thank you lmfao
Omg he revealed himself to him. Also this tweet sounds pervy.
i feel so bad...it takes me days before i reply to messages im so sorry
im so confused now ughhhhh
how many songs are you gonna release before dropping your album????
I need to get me a la table to start setting up outside to paint.. I love being outside especially this time of the year
Why is this such a hard decision?? ...... I'm gonna have to go with Paris with Namjoon.
Me too, we going up on the lords day
I found my other phone
Should of done a hair mask. My hair is so dry!
Same today wtf is wrong wif me my anxiety for bad even my hand got cold
this fucking migraine though paying for drinking on an empty stomach.
I'm craving an ice cream cake so bad rn. I really hope babe comes through and brings me one later
Bruh she such a bad bihh I freaking love her
My back hurts x____x I really need a new work desk so I can do my paperwork properly
we need to find a halfway point so our kids can grow up together
this King B kid onale drama yho
I wish Lenin was president instead of Trump
Mr Muscle and mr sheen's days are numbered
Estoy pensando irme early del work porque ando en las mismas
im so mad i cant stay in and watch the game with my baby today
agh this is so old, I miss you
Quero
Finn knows how to sit , shake , lay and roll over and the cutest thing ever
Twin! so cute
I woke up at 3AM this morning to apologize , I sleep... I was so mean for no reason
Just accidentally myself again!
FUCK SAKE PALACE
Ugh actually let myself go
This was too funny
Can I have next week off to wash clothes and sleep
Bro fr . I jus bought my koko some shit
Now that finished playing HGTV, can we get some puhlease?!
trying to wake up everyday how I did today
That lil roll on Wheeinie uwu too cute Can Wheesa get any more adorable
Always forget to take pics before I go out
I need to go to the store, I just really hate shopping
Her little chain omgggg
I almost feel like my thighs going anywhere
Yessss.. Exactly..
anyone know a good chinese takeaway that would deliver to Bakersfield?!
ciao when are you coming in Milan? we miss you here
i waaaaannntttttt a good lil 4 blunts rn that sounds nice
nervous as hell omg
My man said only getting one like that if we live in Texas since everything here in California is expensive
Oh ma God Gigi Lamayne at the Hip Hop awards
just promise me stay by my side & down to ride
BTS won 2 Radio 1 awards and one
was Best International Artist
Clean Sheet gone. Sigh
good terms or not .. if anything happens to the person I love imma go crazy
Yall gotta chill tweeting shit like this make a nigha read up an appetite!
Lastnight i was more than drunk i was fuckedddd uppppp
I want to get a tattoo with shishi's name
me & my friends always good drama free
The Haunting Of Hill House is not to be watched alone and at night... I am scared to go switch on the lights now
Least of all tarnishing it for kids in a book
I'm just waking up and my head still hurt
lowkey love that but be hell
My hair Jesus, help!
Tragic really
I hate folding clothes !
Yeah, over the hot weather
If my team wins today my weekend will be made
I need someone to go see Halloween with me later
My hair is getting so long
But that was when he got interesting?
Sundays then work tomorrow
gone be honest I did twice on one person Love was in the air
I am Traumatized
Lebron did the right thing by calming Paul down but dam
Aww this is adorable and different
My phone cracked really throwing me off just by looking at it
ima propose to him fuck that oh you love me love me
I wish wesson would wake up because starving
Ok going to sleep now tired
Bring back free twitter. How am I going through 2 gigs in just two days
wait until my hair grows back
lmaoooooo lit . So cute anyways We could just shop & smoke woods
My coworkers aint shit
Wizz bagged Winnie Harlow so buff
I want a salad with a glass of Wine idk weird combination
Ayoooo Herbo straight snatched that
Kibum is literally the most good looking man ever
Why is pumpkin nights always sold out
Omg yessss this needs to stop!
Dawg this should be a crime
If you ever took this dick, you know
Pulled up on my baby last night love him real bad
My sister massaged my dislocated knee and I think the whole joint has scattered
I was still limping in peace
been uncomfortable all year but really it was just me shedding my bs ass ego
hes so precious please
Seen both
My Mom Making Me Chicken Noodle Soup
But that's when he got interesting
Searching for the right therapist or Counselor is actually making my anxiety worse
These food commercials got me wanting to cook let me turn this tv off
to win xfactor i dont wanna hear nothing else.
I had know idea he was locked in to FSU
Im in my sophomore year and I still accidentally call myself a freshman
Why am i still recovering from Friday night
I probs will too
really a brat
Last night was soooooo fun like I literally love my big sister !
A Partnershippppp
will this happiness last forever im too scared to start all over again
Resisting the urge to nap
If i related to a tweet in 2018 yet...this is definitely the one
Oh hell no.. we gotta go back to the discussion board
To all the girls who said hi last night, Yall were turnt asf all night long Thanks for an amazing ass night
Wait till I get cute for pv & halloween
Mom knows wsup on Sundays
Honestly
Aiden grew up so fast
The end piece took me AWT you heat me?
I wait to get married, have a kid , & travel the world with my family Late night drinks with my baby & everything
lightweight jealous my sister gets to see my babies today but thankful love you sister
Honey mustard Chicken finger pizza from partners
I need some money
Chocolate makes me break out like a mf.
This weekend didn't count
Stan twitter is about to implode
I only vent to like 3 people. God is 1. So no wonder I smoke so much
I need God rn more than ever
Hermes why
so weird not having my kids on a Sunday. I miss them sooo much and only been like an hour
You're the biggest jock bro!!
This something my little brother would do
serious
I wanted to be an actual adult and went and got a bill organizer.. see how long this works.
So everyone in my house is sick and I could just feel it coming
2 weeks off work to try and make myself feel better & I just feel worse
Dominique wanna do this i even know why she told me.
Maybe five guys then cause been craving that for a while
I really like Matt and his new BFF Nadeem but I know how this will end.
i like watching videos of people fighting
I want to go
I think we tend to forget that most of these niggas really bout that action
lmao like participating in any HC events.
me with every important friendship in my life
Any cabin crew here? Nak tanya pasal uniform
There enough coffee in the world for how exhausted I am today. Teething baby = no sleep.
Word
Why does it feel like your birthday every other month happy birthday
apparently
I was at that show
I Love Britney Spears
I just want somebody to get my windows tinted
Oh god I knew this was coming
These in any order but
1)
2)
Will always love you ok move over cause Lolli has arrived
Guess we gone hit truth dayshift I just wanna sleep
Sorry
If you know me you know I love shoes I really have a problem.
My girl so beautiful I miss her already
glad I knew somebody to get my boots from atl but I still need my notebook to
Trevor Henry Collins
so adorable i
I never thought I could miss someone this much after being with them for 2+ days straight...
I miss you too back tonight
applied for a bunch of mutuals
the innocent dks that i know
Thursday seems ages away noo
Felt great to be a Bull yesterday Just wished I gotten a wing from J-Mac lol YAAAAASSS BIH J-MAC
Monday
BigHit: wants to appeal to a global audience
Also Bighit: refuses to put subs on Bangtan bombs
I actually liked that earlier. a perfect piece of meat. If only I could cook like that!
I adore house and I want a section for baking so ready to get a house
Today is going to be very emotional and just not prepared
always wanted to take a pottery class
Today would be peeeeerfect for frolfing
I was busting my ass today at work and my body is drained 3 more hours of this shit.
Kate almost missed a step Oh Lawdt!
This can't be real lmfaoo nigga really got a baby dick it never grew what do u do with your life omg this is so sad
ooo girl, hell nah lmao tooooo much of a punk
Trauma please not noww I need to sleep
Omg they are??
some schnucks wings & white castle cheese fries would straight HIT
Yes i can get kissed on all day
both characters are flawed as usual, but i hate how c is always the more problematic one
stop at this episode and start from the beginning again
really blind without my contacts
I should have went to church this morning
Brooke thank you so much lovely
Definitely need a full body massage
Take these hoes off my hands got the boxes for all and price are negotiable just hit my line
The blues killing our last man been going since the start of last season roll over after roll over the pots going to be skint now
i guess i will just keep on crying look how cute they are
too cute
I jus want it to stop
To have this typa money
That hit home for real
i cant believe modest who doesnt work w harry anymore made stage pap pics so he can go to london to his husband my larrie heart
my moms cant get here fast enough
tired of you fuccin me tryna get pregnant knowing if you had a baby your broke ass help it
Oh yeah you on then lol they be going up
Plus studying and volunteering
Richarlison nor fit give me assist sef
if i get jumped my nigga better start hittin em bitches we a team baby we suppose to have teamwork
Omfg I love this human
I swear!!!
Sis you reaching
That's what I thought but everything I was going to get Willow is gone/selling out fastgonna
My favorite part is when he say ayyyyyyyye on backing it up
... dan Pickford poinnya 12 sucks
i done messed around and learned how to braid my own hair. a wrap now! i hate braiding tho
I was going cook Sunday dinner but I changed my mind I just want to get off and rest my feet
Why do u have to live in California
Before
But more, of course
...
God just keep blessing me I cant do nothing but thank him
Palace drawing away from home, misses a penalty then concedes two in the 87th & 88th minute. a cruel game sometimes
the line back is fucking horrible
Pass me the remaining one he brought today
I fell asleep for most of the game. I tried
& balls smh
it feels so good outside someone do something with me
I jus want some more fried Oreos
my instagram so wayyy more love. twitter is full of mf who think they famous in New Orleans only.
How I be up when home soon as I get to work I get tired !!
"Its pink"
Emil used damn near all my spray to clean the bathroom and I only use it on counters everyday my feelings are
I'm so scared for the kid
I try my best to keep things that make me sad from manifesting Into anger
when your baby finally wakes up and you look at the time and its already nap time Look at GOD cause bout that nap , We gone take it
use those emojis like a fan lol smh my ticket?!
I miss you more hoooorrrr how bout you come to me??
I need some motivation
Midnight thoughts suck
around the corner and no wya
sky was being so dramatic last night
Literally my favorite thing of the whole weekend. We were just little bitty freshmen
Huy ang sweet iloveyou po
Happy first monthsary babe
I love em to death but I needed a breather
Honestly I need to get bigger calf muscles like you white people man ... what you lot eating
Miss them
Birthdays are such an expense
I have a couple things to do today
I never had someone show attention to such detail or actually listen to me just blabber
why is there always something wrong with the website when I finally want to fill out my application
been a real cry baby
I want Waffle House
ever get shook when you look at a photo of yourself and be like fine ass
Want me sum soul food
been meaning to get over there for like a year
I really drove 40 mins and back just to have Lopes stay at my hotel last night cause my aunt played me
Reminds me of being in hospital
The second baby boom apparently
Red Dawg miss nothing
AW MY BOOS LOOKING LIKE THE MOST BADDEST BITCH EVAAA
just scared a failing
My baby got soooo much pretty ass stuff yesterday
Another week to pass
Kind of gagged at this but not entirely sure why
what about recording a new cover? your youtube channel is full of dust and we are starving
Chocolate cake
Why I use Stream when I AM connected to my home WiFi?????
Red card has killed this
Ive had this dam cough for several weeks now! Can it just go away already?!
mind Arsenal score 5 or 6 goals tomorrow and Laca n Auba score and assist all
That song would fit so well
I must be blind I see anything
Ahh Lakz, thanks
I think I'm getting over it now
good night i love my boyfriend so much it hurts sometimes
perfect to hit up the fair or fright fest..
so fuckin cold out here my bones aching
what palette gives you that much color?? tell us your secrets naruto
yeah just been put on!! proper sunday film man, one of me absolute faves
Delayed hangover?
i love u but u need salt on them fries
I Just Wanna Be Successful Already
Yesterday mine made me bust out crying....at a kids birthday party
Yeah im in need of this
Probably, do you know how much sugar is in most cereals??
But then I remember I gotta drop $3-4,000 on Paris
i stay putting gas in my car .
Would ditch all my friends if I got the opportunity to hang out with the inter WAGs for 3 minutes
I wish I could share it i miss the both of you
the fact that I only be on Twitter & I be texting nobody I be soooooo bored
swear, itching to go again. like. asap
would be so clutch with a bag of hot chips rn.
her hair is DEFF but i even know what to do with all of this
This a different tax bracket upper echelon still da bad guy I am a Decepticon Some call me
34. Her birthday is today sef
probably definitely most likely gonna buy this and pretty hype about it! I come here for
Why do I have Instagram? I even be on it
Grandma cooked Macaroni , greens , fried chicken , cabbage , rice and cornbread ... come thruuuu
I thinking imma make me some Alfredo or fried chicken
Break up sex be A1
Damn... She look so good with the face tat
I need a pretty pony but iono who to go too
So ready to be in my bed
not ok and not alright
wish migraines on my worst enemy - they are horrend
I mean this is beautiful but It scared me and I just want that umbilical cord or whatever it is to fall off
Ready to get cute again
Rebuilding shacks
Just lost this none runner taking field to 4 so it had to win!
Okay I'm really ready now... I want one
Deeeeeeeee are you fr rn?!?!? Ima Cry dude thankyou thankyou thankyou thankyou thankyou
meus bebes come today from Portugal
Gordon Ramsay is already Tsun though.
Also, I love Food Wars.
be scared as shit
Finding a dress or an outfit is hard I need Richard in my life to dress me
Everybody calling me for these cribs ion even think I got the energy to move again I got to make my decisions
I no take full o wedding I got to at 6pm or so
Can't wait for my stream pc.
Far too many tabs open in my mind
Same Ima go to a professional tho. They know how to take care of it.
But it did all seem great with them I hoped they go through the band drams
Need to do grocery but so tired!!
that indomie was sooo spicy but sooo good too
how many times must u clarify that it sounds suspicious shsjjk
Wish I could get away with wearing oversized clothing without looking like a sack of potatoes
All done is sleep today I am absolutely unreal
Wow mentally exhausted
I think officially an adult because I work Monday-Friday and sundays are strictly for laundry
A tantrum with a good reason behind it a lost my eyelash
Dude not friendly me please
stop telling people this
My baby bday on Wednesday finna have a 1 yr old
That bby is gonna be so cute omg
Yes her bassinet is right beside my bed but still feels better with her right there. was it
I need
I sleep
good with a little sugar
uGh npc and exo are breathing the same korean air right now
I hate buying birthday cards I am so indecisive it takes forever
so hungry. i wait until my supervisor leaves
Everything hurts lol
is thicc asf
I've shopped like I have unlimited funds this weekend
Okay I'm going to sleep na. I have to go to work pa later! Need to wake up at 4:30AM
tight hugs rn, please
Just had a dream last night where I want to wake up cus the dream was so good ugh I wish we could relive dreams
I need to go to the spa
Came out the house for a minute and this heat tried killing me
Yeerrr those too
My arms are gonna be sore as hell tomorrow
Thank you baby
i have nobodyyy number. if you have my number text me & lmk who you is
lmao man first and last time i respond to a stranger
Yes my mum sees green
I could do with a fat roast dinner rn
Lol poor tink tink... I felt for him the most
My baby sleep for more then 30 minutes all night tired my mom needs to hurry & get off
I wait till I see daddy! been away from him for so long
No one has come yet
Thank you puberty
I really know about God sometimes, too many bad things happen. so stressed out and worried about the
I loved this movie so damn much
still low key crushing on
This one ends with BV finding the back of the net on a penalty shot in OT tough way to end this -
understand how any other adult can afford their bills without an overdraft??
YO who are you telling, this shit is too much
So disturbing to watch
Wish I was home so I could go to Clean Juice and get an bowl
bored as shit
I want some huevos rancheros
Same, the chomping noise is even worse in this one
I was not expecting the quality
You know how Vince is
I need some greasy food in my life right about now
I see Kali Uchis tonight and i know how to act
Y u gotta be in America for queen
cried enough tears tonight
plsssss
I really need a new makeup kit.
the truth
I miss my daughter
I wanna go watch the new Halloween movie today!!!
trop trop froid
This one is tooooooo hard !!!
wait to get a haircut
My Mom Need To Make Me Some Tater Tot Hot Dish
Went to 9am service so I could be out early & do homework but now I wish I stayed for 11am service as well
I need to think of a name for my son
I wait for the day that I have to stress over getting homework done ever again
He was tryna push the pile
Flat twist and flexi rods but I have to leave out the house lol.
I thank God for blessing me with this life with Troy there is no one else id rather build a future with
I want to get dressed
Omg 3 years and you still counting
Where is my Mother
To go to this concert or to not
Cleaned the house , doing laundry , Daughter sleep . Now i can relax and binge watch my shows
` voice lessons start at 2 and im in here sicker then a snicker any home remedies? ANYONE lol im gulping tea as I tweet
Miles or myles from made in chelsea is just gorgeous
Whoever decided nurses should wear white needs sacked, soooo hard to keep clean
I miss the beach and the sun
Please do. $120,000 should cover it all.
till 5pm today
Jessieeeee!! Comeback soon please didnt realize how much I missed your singing if not for the fancams tonight
Really want to transfer schools
Ahaha dametre was so over us
Yess
Trying to plan things is stressful especially when you want everything to go perfect.
How do you cope?
Have you guys seen anything more precious? I want one nowwwww.
I just want you to know this is HARD like I literally wanna pick all of them but to have to choose only 5
a struggle.
I have said it better
I was thinking that too
Thank you for the wishes! You're the best bestie! Miss u and i'll see you soon? I'll never forget u of cos!
the talk been waiting for
I need the distraction I NEED IT haha
she real
i got small boobs but a big heart maybe i am jirou-kin
What the hell? That's rude... But isn't the GazettE's concert on the 5th?
Was trying to get out to do stalls by 10. So naturally 9:52 and in my bathroom
Stuck in a library
What are y'all up to??
The little tinfoil cover wanted to slice me
ded ass crying
I wanna get up out of my bed
THIS ABOUT TO BE SO GOOD !!!! It better be a hour episode and not 30 minutes
I really do what i want
I always end up staying in the house after planning a whole weekend of fun
I know I feel sad but deep down inside.....I need tickets to see G Herbo
hyejoo -> chaewon
the drama will be over soon its so boring to write
My first thought when I woke up
EJE JAHAT jazzy emeshin gini coba
3 days with Boddhi and I got attached going back to his Papa!! gonna miss my boddjiiiboo
Niggas neva satisfied with one female need me a man!.
I get so lost when she sings I- plus no background music
hey can you help me , I wanna make that cake , I never learned how
get enough of these two CUTNESS OVERLOAD
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN BIGHIT
I need to win the mega million God please help a sister around
These cameras too good fam You have told me rondo spit on CP3 without that crazy zoom in still doing crimes
I feel ya I was thicker last year now ima tooth pick
I just need a thug
That French toast my word
AWW I WANT TO SEE YOU TOO THATS FAR FROM HERE BUT MAYBE SOMEDAY MEET
Not feeling good at all
my boyfriend is everything I could ever ask for yeah he gotta lil temper but it never comes in between or could ever ruin what we have
had so much fun last night blessed w/ my girls
do it
Lol right?!
Exhausted
my heart! absolutely gorgeous! I love this time of year, will be constantly dressing him up for the next 3 months
I have not written in over 7 days
Ever felt so hopeless because unable to help another person really in need of assistance
want to work tomorrow
omg coming home rn
seen my mom in 4 weeks so super stoked to see her today
This new millennium shit everybody going to jail
Same old Palace.
I bust the biggest nuts listening to your audios Awwwww
verse >> what i like
She seriously needs to get a hobby, bet she's fun at parties
Delusional people like this person here is making the Toku fandom look bad
My food tastes great I care what my family says!
$698 is the cheapest ticket for a world series game
Monday- Presentation CTU
Tuesday- Test law, present jawapan ais
Wednesday- sikdapa
Thursday- sikdapa
Friday-
honestly soo stressed
I want to go to the movies
Feeling really shittt today
Homesick
the season where my sinuses hate me
Feeling like shit today, feels like my head has been run over by a truck
Gtta get some new headphones
This has been an amazing first alum homecoming. Ya girl is just tired
my sleeping pattern is just not good at all
i need to go to Oklahoma fr. i needa see my people from middle school and all my fam back in da Mac i miss all
you have a really nice body thank you
thank you love
So have had my pants on the backwards all this time
Okay not looking forward on taking these bandaids off
always introduced to the best Turkish music at work and so sick the melodies and even some of the
I was using it last night I tried recording my kills but switch no longer can record fortnite
Why would they dumb ass vote for our pay to go up instead of free parking at the Airport mad !
I wanna go to a pumpkin patch
Soon come Wednesday and I can get some fucking rest all day
thick caterpillar brows AND sperm brows. why i just go through one?
One thing I hate about diva is you always see everyone there like literally everyone and their ma go to diva
so ready for thanksgiving
All I want is my mum and my own bed
I Stan a cultured boy
WTH is wrong with the course in final year. Khatam hi nahi hota, what is this shaitaan ki aant
Left all day long
just the meats girl be blessing me
Same sis appetite and everything be gone
someone give me ideas of places to go in December
Insta
So salty man I really gotta take these 10 to the chin
Hormones been out of control lately
torchlight
You guys look at belly
im exhausted
Casanovaaaa thank you so much lovely.
Wet Pussy With No Smell
i just want a bond . never fold
5 months
He so cute I wait to have a son
LOLOL my manager asked me can I cut down my nails & got mad when I said he had to wait next week
im finna watch again too
This is the greatest gift I could get today THANKS
So no one can sew my wig down
Someone come give me a blowjob
I guess sleeping til 9 is my version of sleeping in
Me too
my favorite person is repping my favorite team and idk how to act all hail the mighty ALL 6LACKS!
I want a leg tattoo
actually this will be all of us on the balcony at 338 love you too moosh
I felt the wind hit the windshields and you can hear the ice hitting hard not ready for winter soon!
Might as well start going back hard Cause i was so close to my waist goal
I ain't gonna lie I watched like 5 times already
saaame. a little disappointed when i look back for more and there any updates
lastnight i took the best nap ever w my boo, i passed put so quick
He really treats her like a queen
THAT HAD MY ASS CRYING like wow man it was beautiful Clarence you did and amazing job
I had a ball last night
I want to take more senior pictures
big fact
forgot my big frank hot sauce and i want to cry
GURL DONT TEMPT ME
I miss my cooking
Literally just want an ass massage from my man after this 23 hour flight...but training
I literally need to work on my anger
I wait
I want some breakfast
Hmmm I wanna see your face tho lol
Went to a sex party the other night. Sucked this big ass uncut dick for like 10 minutes. It was so good I wanna suck some dick today frfr
2 weeks and 5 more days
He pushed the shit out of him
Same I need a pro cuddler the small spoon FYI )
I wanna go to the pumpkin patch tomorrow
Atleast it was only $30
i got this man post notifications on waiting on him to drop these shoes
Love you and thanks for making birthday special
i really wanna meet PRETTYMUCH , u guys under they put a huge impact on my life . i just wanna be able to
my man has been working so fucking hard never home!
Any normal person: Look how hot Brendon looks
Me: L O O K A T A L L T H E V I N Y L S
I want me and my mom to go get massages
I hate going to Griffin Walmart why tho
The struggle of being a Bills fan
i haven't been in a relationship in 2 years so for the next nigga to come in my life bare with me i got major
pea body light bulb shaped ass
Yes but gonna cost you
i drank a bunch of iced tea and ate a piece of cookie and i can't get the taste out
Back to work tomorrow
I wanna go places today but I spent wayyy too much last night
I would never call my daughter if I were her friend if she want to talk she will simply hang up, no
Obsessed with cookbook, only she can be hilarious while giving you cooking directions
NEED w all the shit talking
I miss little Benny
That feeling when babies chooses you to be the place where she fell asleep. gonna protect you forever
I need to stop bullshittin & finish cleaning up before this baby wakes up & & chunks get here
But I say no lie about the
I want to go home and back working tonight
Wherever it is I hope to never be there
to broke rn
i feel like i spent any real quality time with friends in forever and only been like... two weeks
why gif is so cuteee
my family means so much to me i hate being so far from them
A wood before bed be the best sleep ever
Mine is Deserve!!! played it so many times.
I really hope Steven Avery gets out before his parents die
As I start to lose weight my body just feels like blah
Share your skin routine sis
those typa nights be the best when you least expect it
I wanna be in NY Tuesday
Call me back laterrrr
Try the ones without titanium dioxide and zinc oxide. If you see those ingredients, just know gonna look like a ghost.
8 months???!!! I'm so excited I can't wait
A country subconsciously addicted to suffering
Cant stay at my moms and loose weight
yall always take it too far. stepping on shoes?
Wow I was just about to go to Chic-Fil-A for a salad but they're closed
just leave this here
Can we have a quick discussion on how bad the Big 10 really is
Can pay day hurry up
Yes! I had two nightmares last night and woke up shaking.
I would never wish a 3rd degree tear from birth on anybody not even my worst enemy that shit is the worst
zayn's merch isn't available in mh county, so please gift me any of them please
If I see another raw pairs of these
I love coffee but it no longer agrees with me so tea it is! I hate Red Bull, 5 hour energy etc.
I stop thinking of you
I need you tho
he cant give ojiro character development or an arc or be too powerful wbk
him made a month today my mean lil bby
I miss those days, proud of his growth ... but DW&H was amazing I wish we could have throwbacks to then
Yikes, Rondo was in the wrong
gIRL SO BEAUTIFUL MASHALLAH
but friend. I tap out too early
gusto ko lang naman ng pearl milktea ng chatime or house special wm milktea w cheese cream ng gongcha pampasaya pls
you just had the right one
Friday is the last time going winter shopping for my babies & then I can finally focus on me
I want some
i really feel sick my eyes so heavy but i just cant sleep and my head hurts so bad tfffffff goin on
Tbt to when I tried drinking like a college student and had an allergic reaction
when a pair of pants would fit if it weren't for your hips
I probably work Christmas morning okay though.
Me to Landon
My feet ache and my fingers are a bit swollen. I really worked my a** off last week!!!
how frustrating! we know better than we have been at times this season. When on form we play so well!
Woman*
Okay.. different lol be mad salty
i really wanna send this message but idk if i should or not
that college broke
When you get home & see a pile of mails waiting for ya But you opened your bff mail first
they be killers
My parents are holding me together. I worry so much about something happening to them. Yhu ha ah
Craving zucchini bread so bad right now! I had it in years.
frustrated cos not married yet Aunty no see husband
...talent is truly God given. Niyaaz, Thato and Yanga's performances tonight on Oh my! Thank God
This literally brought tears to my eyes
I have butterflies in my stomach
Can't wait until I'm done this shift so I can get some iced coffee
had such an eventful morning
I forgot to redeem
Tryna get out of bed soooo bad but I just have it.
I wait to get off and get my baby I miss her face
real quick thankfully it high off the ground
Do they have challenges like in the first one ? These were pretty tough even on normal
This
i just need a serious sugar daddy that pays me is that so much to ask for
anywhere in montana
I have done woefully this week in fpl
All I get is the Vikings
Wakanda headache is this one now
Literally even know where i want to start lmao
What is this what are you two doing to us though shuu nibahle mine personally, as an individual
im so worried
block if I really need to but really annoying seeing all the time now
really sad I missed my party
burrrr outside n bout to work out on it man what
ion even b knowing my stuff missing until my ma bring up why ion wear it
Moving 375 cinder block is not making my back feel any better
Why does mint colored Converses so hard to find?!
Cleaning day someone come help.
My fucking ribs are hurting I can move lean or do nothing
freezing
looking at old pictures of myself literally makes me fucking sick.. used to be so skinny
Promised Skye take her to the pumpkin patch today. Gonna miss the game
I legit cannot wait to be outta here for a solid week vacay much needed away from this hell hole
Someone go watch Halloween
I am craving fried Oreos
All I ever talk about is my niece & nephew but you really know love until got your own I
already happening
I will FOREVER love this song
I go to work in two hours
them power blues soooooo clean wow.
I been gone ever since I swear he would never have to ask for anything .. let me cater to you
I completely give up feels as if im taking to my self
Tytan is so jealous of bella and All bella wants to do is play with Tytan
all I want is to hold one
Wish I on call
It was ! But fun being outdoors w/ friends working hard for candidates, saving the instead of
Need this
I need something
Khalid's new album is beautiful
omg this was my favorite vine
I fked up my life helping people out now look at me smh
Just want season 3 love island to come on Netflix so I can re-watch them all again
This is the one with all the charms and my favorite color
My grandma let me leave this room
I just need a buffet in my life
Just throwing ppl shit all across the tarmac
Uh oh
mind when he wrote pompeii... HAHAHAHA PLEASE DO SO anyways what bands do you listen to other than bastille!!
Why are mint colored Converses so hard to find?!
I just won one of her wigs
JB has baby fever so bad. I know be a great big brother.
To finish Throne of Glass because i get to read as much as i wanted to yesterday
I swear this is going to be me. Crying and all. So beautiful
I was dead to the world today good thing I have the rest of the week off
so much stuff I want to buy myself
Really want to see and
And snowing
Wish my team had someone who could supply a cross like that
Damn you ever just wanna expose a bitch so bad but it not be in your heart. I always be a button away
I need to finish too
Trying so hard to fight this cold right now
Uni will be so easy
I dont hit women I swear Thats just how I be feeling tho
Every time I try to stay mad at my man, then I gotta let that shit go
Ever be so excited to see ya man Bc I so ammmmm like I wait to give daddy some kisses
I took Rose flavored sparkling water, I'm so mad for not checking se ke utlwa ka psssh le taste
Yeah made so many of these posts ridiculous. People listen and will turn to FB because easier
craving some bomb ass spanish food rn
Man going through it
Kick kick kick she's killing me
I wait to get my hair done
When it feels so good , but bad for you.
Find one on your route and go walk in there for a few minutes
16 inches holy shit!!
My gf cooking breakfast
That nigga really did spit on him
Hoe I was just there
Trying to stream this game
I miss my baby she needs to come back home
RT This is why every group split up.. my son always trynna be like Bobby Brown..
lol the everyday routine
I'm on S3 of and the Vaughn's wife plot is doing my head in. STOP IT.
I really just want some Auntie Annies & Cinnabon
Got in at like 3am and still made it to work at 7
What would you get? Your skin too flawless tho
I just want all the mimosas...give me all the mimosas
I was so on the fence about going to church today Then my daughter was like what time is it? 10am at the time,
these cramps are the devil
I never got a first one. I think it was that serious
my first fight ever went something like this
I just need one more charm
too excited.
Pls if u find one, specially US GO, link me Kei
I love how my Sunday started off
what if youtube told you how many times you watched a video ... niggas would think im hella sickly cause this my 12th time
girl i almost died last year it was so damn cold smh not ready this year
Cheeks kiss in public
lemme get ready for work
26th in the Coaches Poll...
I love how she motivates me
A year ago today on snap take me back to the fair
Eat her like the whole meal she is
So what do you do when your confidence reaches so low you even try no more... idk still have not figured out solution
You do know already Monday right? Why are you still awake?
This guy I met lastnight really about to be mines like about to really snatch this nigga up
How about me?
No way... I don't Wana confuse them maaan!
the food even be tasting the same lol my grandma use to put a lil tlc in the food be having you straiiiiiight off one plate
Vonna every time supposed to link I smoke all the bud
Parents are home so no more football for me and now my team are playing...
Oh yea dat was definitely close by im wrk of embarcadero
Craving cuddles
Aibo what about the unwanted like a shark nje
Or be w/ a girl that would be this way lol
look at my fine ass friend
My babies
Last week was a long week and this one will be too.
lmao omg NOW happy birthday to one of my fav Libras happy birthday boo!!
hws a bitch
My apartment so damn cold
Niestety
I hope you come to NC one day
wait until my phone unlocks
play with my emotions
And still playing
lovers... Any suggestions I can look up to watch?
going crazy waiting for new seasons
lmao i really get the weirdest messages.
Well, yeah. I waffle between extreme anger and just being willfully oblivious/disconnected.
I'm using bonjela filhaaal. Traumatic ulcer sucks
Mega still MVP for that move bruh
I will work my ass off for this
Who made this beat?!
i really have to stop being so careless, sad
Blown I watch the game cause of work
What a rude question
Gotta be at work alone...all day
On my way to work
Then sit down
Baby in the middle tho
Girl yes too much on top of my work required for work
I just HAD TO START watching Love Island before exams
Facts what they use when they are feeling insecure of themselves and honestly disgusting like chill
sumbody take me to get sum food
And I really want a big white tree this year
I wanna be babied I want my booty rubbed and to be kissed on
Ughh should I add more?
Yes kaisey has hers as well and her GOD momma got her more! Now we gotta get these clothes! This weather snuck up on me
bitch this is horrific
so excited for this girls today , today life has been kicking my ass
I still listen to all of Swimming Album everyday just to get through these shitty days
pee in my bonfire
always hungry it never fails
Hopefully I can get of level by that time though time willing. *fingers crossed* We gotta find a new clan
JB has baby fever so bad. The way he looks at his cousin brother makes me want another baby.
Can my watch come in today I need it!
I would love to have a fish sandwich
h**** and want d**k
Do not feel good when ima get over this sickness
this is amazing
I woke up with a headache like i was drinking last night
Better clear stuff for the builders tomorrow
Chale my head is banging. What did I do to myself
I pretty much love all the songs on album except coco Chanel I never even attempt to listen to it
i just wanna eat something and I
My weight loss journey is so hadd its been 2 months I lost 20 pounds but I necessarily seeing it I tried
AND!!! we haven't even got to see (yet?) alec exposing lorenzo like he promised
i love being around ali cause he always makes me blush about my fics
Hella people are getting sick around me and my weak immune system will catch it soo fast
I need a chem tutor
Sex like crack addicted
I be needed my peace
I hate having a small group of friends bc when they busy your stuck
Took too much caffeine make me awake till now
I can't wait for Banditour: The Movie
All I be wanting to do is eat
This is so nasty lol. Spitting is by far one of the most disrespectful things you can do to somebody he
I have no idea what I'm doing but I suddenly felt hungry
someone do something with ya girl today
This was so long ago Why can't I rewind <<
Doughboy roc - Trippin
When Angela got shot in Power
sweating like hell right now
Kwn aq pon prgi...
my back. pls .
Girls with big eyelids, you know how blessed you are
best song on the album
When you crave food in another country
im so lazy i go around
Where is it?! I want to go there one day
Cause all they could do well was unprepared orals
I really love ice cold water
seriously
Why is football on the same day as church?
this is what I need
I miss
Young men please stop being out here disrespecting your girlfriends
I really missed this over my semester break. It feels like this text is never ending
There go. probably do better tomorrow
with what money
Worth it
I want gummy bears
Need to go back to Georgia
I have so much things praying the rest of things fit
Bro why you copy me
Love my sister - she just told me my eyelashes look like from Ice Age
And the I gotta hear my sisters mouth about how I got them sick too and all my babies I hope they get it
Lord knows hungry!
Ladies how did find angles for side pictures because my ass looks good in everything except pictures trying to understand
I want chocolate
From 7th to 9th
Ima be that mama ready to jump on the field if somebody tackles him wrong lol. just so dangerous
Thanks boo that means a lot coming from you
BOOM so gorgeous
explaining this theory better than my professor
a redskins fan?
This NYE should be epic
not that bad and most are still outside
Cool I got some lil cookie left but I think starting to be immune to it
Wth should I be for this Halloween party
I need a big tits girl to be my mummy
believe still in bed
Kids are everything!!!! Wish I could do it all over again and savor my childhood
Whoever started using "uh" for "you"...
Needs to be tied up to a rocket going into space...
john album is always a mood
I need a big tits girl to be my mummy
Girl! My old ass slept through the club last night
just want a bond . never fold
gotta wait 3 more hours to watch the Saints play
Sad to see my friends leave me so soon
Yeah, still suffering
I KNOWSJK the tweets like this man had a nokia phone for years he care
I'm so hungry there's no power, since morning
I always crave ChicFilA the most on Sunday
decide on what color of Apple Watch to get
wait to get drunk w my friends again been too long
Nooooo you and Trin were fine asf
feeling bad
Che visione
damn too sleepy for the race
icb canon
time 2 suffer how do u animate
Having no bress & waking up & still having no bress
I just want a life time supply of swimsuits
Plotting on this sweet potato pie one of my reps bought me for boss day
Really want to get a new car for my birthday
Exactly why i stay in the gym
For the very first time I am devastated that I cannot go Poland but have fun there!
You better not tell the movie RT Halloween is my favorite horror movie of all time but
Pissed abt that clean sheet dawg def losing that head2head now
I miss mubank fridays icb we were blessed each week with cute otw looks and then cute mc moments the best time to be an irene stan
wait to get my toes and nails done this week
it's so unfair how some girls can be so pretty and Slim
Hope we get off to another slower than molasses in friggin January start...
He just fine ash
Also know I needed it they did THAT
I need to find a way to get a tracking number
This breakfast is torch
so damn happy I can fit my old jeans again
recipe?
this eating video on my timeline was just magical
seems like he'll not
This nigga is living my dream
Frl ima come get it frl !
Feel ya pain Toon support. So least you're not bottom
I really want to fast foward 15 years so i can be a soceer mom with my four babies
TFW you have a family thing at 1:30 & you sure if have the Browns game on
Are you always quiet like this? What me!?just ask my REAL friends moving speaker . I like you
That's happened to me before, it's so annoying
I need food in my life
too busy to be getting sick. i really have time for this
cute but puppies are a lot of work weewee pads, chewing and lots of energy. Good luck
his name?
crying too and yeah I kind of figured I would just off the fact of who his dad is
I kno worth the wait tho
So excited for it! trying to hit overdrive with these reactions so I can make it in time
understand the annoyance of mixing makeup forever matte velvet & Laura mercier mocha to get my perfect skin tone
I find the remote!
laying here like i have to be to work by 245 and i work out white marsh
ill go and buy the ticket for burn the stage tomorrow night .please i hope ill get ticket
Omg why do they like to do this to us!?!
not very helpful. I need guidance Watch me use green
He makes me so happy
Me either.
I reply to msgs so poorly
A new PS4 controller would be nice
i want a nice good breakfast
I need a new Christmas tree
Why does snapchat say good morning, good afternoon & goodnight to me?? fckn creepy.
Sufian ni look nerdy one. But he got master and scholarship wowww so worth it! Charmingnyaaa with your brain!
I need more sweaters
Waiting on this phone call
My aunt just called me and said my cousin was looking for a sub leaser in Lansing and now I gotta find a sub leaser for my apartment in mp
I relate here if you need a chat x
Craving Bbq ribs..
THANK YOU IT WILL ONLY LAST UNTIL I TOUCH MY SON (cat) LMAO
She said when that shit is real you just know and I was thinking bout you, you already know
I wait to get fine
this is making me emo idk how many times tweeted hbd but happy birthday my love
rondo def spit on cp3
Been having trouble uploading videos on YouTube recently whyyyyy????
Omggg I had another dream I was pregnant!! I legit told myself Tasha, having another dream & I woke up
Woolworths cold pressed juices are too sweet.
When you see your ex in public and start reminiscing
Actually dreading this 11 hour day on Thursday
cryin
Together faeva man any problems you got I got em too
hungry my food gotta hurry up
I need to find Halloween parties for next weekend
I can't go earlier because I'm travelling from Belgium and it's already booked i'll be so upset if I miss them oh my god
Firestone always coming back with a for I just
are any of my mutuals still awake
Classical Gaga isn't playing with us
so ready for this dinner to be ready Fina eat and take a nap now ...
Bruh on god catching a case lmao
probably why! I feel like there were so many recalls on mine to!
i really just wanna be happy
going to make pho, wish me luck!
Lol of course I scratched my new car today
My bestie and I are going to a party in a couple of weeks and only gone and ordered the same dress without each other knowing
I miss having long nails but i guess shorties will do until season over
can't wait til i make you mine
When he spoils you with your fave drinks/snacks
I still need my Hirie sweater
Time whining down so fast
And boy have a felt some tears leave my heart in the last few months
See my mind everywhere I went from talking about down range to babies let me finish this damn paper
What's the dirt on Yates?!
Hope this lady dm me back
This weekend is about to be so lit
sorry to make you uncomfortable BFJSJDKD I hate talking about it but you asked
Welp looks like college the life for me call me Mama
so cringe unbelievable
Everybody keep saying I look Like Chilli with this curly high ponytail
Think I Wanna Upgrade My Phone To Either The 7plus or 8plus On Friday But Idkkkkkk Yet
Now hungry
Goldilocks. hungry
Bo abuti ba mangena
Yo this news really made my weekend.
I have game pass
so tired
I wanna watch the Browns game
It even that big but really praying for it to be. I swear, they are obsessed
he's so cute
Yall best BELIEVE Pink is going to SLAY this year
It's about time
How dare they! My anxiety level is in check today but not for long... Go Steelers
Silvio sunday work for me
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
I need greasy food to make me feel better
Was going to the movies, but sick.
This is a man
craving a sweet tea from
I missed my phone call .
Now at work paying for it
First time riding on a bike in ages and it was hard to maintain my balance
Tbh who wouldn't be though
People will show u how they really feel over a small misunderstanding
lmao that was cute tho sis do em like that
lowkey famous now love my (2) fans
How am I suppose to wait til January for more episodes of Shameless?
3 hours left of work
yes saying he is broke
everyone says this till they have their own guilty
trust him tae ley side doon nae muckle wonder poor hoomam ad tae ave a snooze
still trying to figure out why I go to Clemson for school
Me puc morir mes
Omg I cried if that happened
I rarely eat meat now so I know I miss it like that except for and jerk at times
My home is perfect
at the beach right now and I forgot my sunscreen go ahead and drag me auntie
Dude this course is eating me alive
I'm convinced Arya scared of Khloe
I dont know which debate was bigger, Did Rondo really spit? Or Dez caught the ball? Either way its a YES for both!
Brother Nature is so fine
It makes my heart smile seeing and hearing from my babies I need to go visit them soon!
Yo por siempre.
Im in 1 ...freshman & Anatomy is killing me already
I wanna get up & get a tea but too damn tired
Exhausted even the word
My body sooooore as hell
Need To Go Shopping
there must be collab. I need this
Actually, haven't rode on a lot of things in years...
Thighs baby thighs
I need some seafood in my life
Tofu cooked properly is amazing
I miss that laugh
HHHDJSJ WHAT ABOUT ALLURA
Still waiting for my follow
|| come a long way from paying people to follow me. Now, all I do is threaten them
Thanks for 500,
Girls that wear size 9/10 in shoes really freak me out lol idk why but damn
still no way better than apple juice. Not even a chance
Some Sundays are good for brainstorming...
But can Monday pls be on slow motion before showing up?
I want a home cooked meal
I love foreign/exotic looking women they hair ,face, & eyes be some of the greatest examples of work
He need to call me
I was going to leave to a baptism with my bloody scars on my face & neck from last night
Sorry
Why the fuck have I just ordered a charger for best thing is, it b here till Tuesday, got 18% n
Day 20: Breakable.
Got kinda overworked with the ink wash. So I went over it again. Used a
Lord I see what you have done for others
Love waking up and losing some rights
These edits are unreal
OMG LATE but happy birthday thank you for being there for me and accepting me uwu always
YA I RLY HOPE SG WILL BE A STOP will buy the best cat for her HAHHAA. are u going to the HK one w ur friends??
Bidding wars on eBay are annoying as fuck especially when something dope is under $40 then niggas wanna up it to $150
I wait to get a new phone
Currently blessing & a curse!
Me neither
I need rest dho
I finally got a wax pen
A big ass tree fell on the man house
So ready for December, want to close my eyes and wake up in St Francis
be late for church today
You're actually so cute I can't xx
flight home was just delayed 3 hours
forreal
If I were you just take her with me
oh my god dude ive had mine done for years but it was done professionally. so lucky they hit a vein
no milk and all I want is cereal
playboi.
ikr, I'm travelling and paying a lot so I hope it'll be worth it
I know annoyed me
the hardest thing I woke up at 4am like not in my
36/46 questions done on this assignment and so far have an A...lord help me keep going
Por eso no creo en los chicos
I'm gonna drink it just cause I bought it not hore a monate
be late for church today
Tfw the Milan derby clashes with the new Doctor Who episode
j tryna love ya dumbass
epal na 'to
can i PLEASE get a girlfriend?!
I thought there'd be quali replays before the race but there isn't Need to find another way to stay awake now
This Salmon is torch
they finally played haunted mansion on freeform
All I want is some chicken strips from Albertsons
every animal I love is to big to go in the house i want a gorilla named joe, a elephant named Ellie & a lion named Leo
I hope my lightstick didn't have second payment dear kastam please don't hold my rangbongie
Glad I got to really see my brother DRT ! I missed him
NidDi Hahs and also aunty2 uncle2 ni yg sy takut
Bitter sweet way to end my weekend . Needed more time with her
i love taco bell and all but damn my stomach be messed up the next morning
Rasa mcm nk tido je along the time
On my bucket list
shim jae won pls bring back one and only stage to exo planet 5
My hair nails and feet were done before 12:30. I felt so accomplished. Especially considering I get home til 4:30am
I went to hard last night I need a blunt and so throat to put my ass back to bed
have to go to first
so tired i was supposed to take Karsyn home 2 hrs ago
I have had more problems with my in the last 48 hours than I have ever had with any iPhone since the iPhone 4,
my kind of man juddd oyyyyyyyy chr ok oa
Why am I only just learning the whole of prison break is on Netflix
art keeps liking tweets and now it's vintage mewart vids what is he playin'
Right they do
wow what a drag
I just want a kfc someone take meeee
Facts one of the worse girl
I had a nice little weekend
I love Transformer the most right now also.... But ball for me did something to my spirit!
thought I hadn't seen him.
I lost my wallpaper so i set this one. Wanna my old wallpaper
being sick n drunk is not the business
why do I always crave chick-fil-a on Sundays
Kinda obsessed with you
You ever see a fighter bit by an opponent in an MMA fight? Now you have... deep too
The video is still not available to watch in the US tho
the fact lil man was moon crawling
Someone buy me this
Why we save gif from twitter and if we can how ?
she really is
kahit isa lang dito chanyeol
deal
why is ba le closed on sundays
I only have a few days to book this Airbnb for my bday and I found anything
Hate when my pals themselves
my mama have to come wake me up like that i was sleeping so good
Yea tired of being single
hahaha ill really catch u bc ima be in the same line doin the same shit Love that for us
I rabun so i cannot wear glasses while pakai mask sambil buat other things and too lazy nak pakai
thanks for your hardwork baby
i start today at 6 till close, opened the kitchen today at the sunshine
I Miss Mom
Refraining from turning the heat on cause gas is expensive
believe been called an idiot for asking someone to dress up for Halloween
Please
believe that when I moved to Indiana
Then gotta drive back to bog to pick up these damn cupcakes & candy apples
Back to work after lovely holiday last drink this better be good x
Today I'm really missing my mom's cooking.
Sos someone plz come kill this fucking woodpecker that keeps pecking on the siding of my apartment. I just wanna take a nap
She is truly just FLAWLESS
Lol. Alafu the Spanish part.
Girl. The theme of this weekend was Than Your
come to Nebraska next tour
Starving I hope they have something decent in the cafe to eat
Accounting for the faint of heart period.
A hurt female & her hoe friend is the worst combo them bitches be tryna raise hell
My child would rather dig in the trash and destroy the house than play with his toys. Toddlers are evil.
I want one
Lmfaooo foreal
I love that I can do laundry at home. best feeling I been able to do that in like a year
As I listen to , it still registered that Mac is dead man.
Oh god, I watched Mrs Hinch cleaning her sofa and now all I can think about is how grubby mine probably is I wish I had her energy!
25 Around The Corner
Who else wishes they could afford those phones? I'm stuck with an iPhone 5. That tells you how broke I am
Non
Sex drive on full blast when ya pregnant boy. Murda. Too bad for me tho
I tried getting up but I so sleepy
he so fine .
me too, now just sad about being alone
I want a son
These bitches in here ordering the whole Pizza Hut list
i wish i had my checks to myself but my car & phone take it all
I swear I am born in the wrong generation. I am old school and I care anymore. proud of the person that I am.
Malik please!!
i watch any videos on twitter somebody help me
My dad is so indecisive
I wish i could go
But tempt me by asking
Oh nooooo hurt!!
Not saying I have a problem w/ that, because I love what I do & I do what I love. But things get tiring
Trying to recover so I can make it to the theater later
Now this is a
This gone be tough
I hate long nails on me
I lost my wallpaper so i decided to use this. Cr to owner. But i really want my old wallpaper
& wheeling yourself in that wheelchair is gonna be worse yeah, give her a push
*im trying not to look * RT Yeah sis from the heart to.. idc
Good
I be needing to go too CHURCH I know people say have to go to church too show that you LOVE &
Yo this guy just walked passed and he smelt so fucking good so basically I think pregnant
For me it seemed like the show was over too fast I was having a great time
obsessed with curling my hair but it takes so much time
My dog started humping today and so proud
Got the shift I wanted
let them tarnish my girls name like that!
I swear to god for 9 months straight all i was getting was like 5 hours of sleep every night
I cannot watch Anatomy without crying!
bitches just be mad corny like you 23 living by that saying
The NBA is better than been the last couple of years, so many good teams
I hate exams
genarog don't just like pls also explain
Yung I done had a cold, sore throat, and now I got a fucking ear infection
Brenton broke my favorite phone case Now if I get a replacement today, going to end up with a broken phone
I liked a video CAUGHT my son doing something bad in public.... (on camera)
Why old nudes from tumblr going viral
i gotta have crabhouse today
The itching phase during the tattoo healing is the worst lol its already starting to itch
not sure what I want to cook for dinner.
I wait to be home already 3 longest week ever .
I just need someone to go shopping with me and help me find a cute little top for my costume
and homecoming week
glad I know my worth.
literally who said that omg can i LIVE
That make me want a candy apple sucker
I need this
I will... she want some gumbo
so ready to eat
this food good asf
all suffering
This beautiful woman in the pulpit .. her voice is absolutely gorgeous.
promise be the happiest girl ever
That Mohale guy
I Miss My Boyfriend
I want rice
hector vc: they always say yee haw but never haw yee
I turned 26 yesterday and get that I look 16 every day Too young for tattoos, too young to be tied
SAME. its harder to study once older i swear
I just need some strap. I just need some love. Tired of fucking with these babys dykes baby, I just need a STUD
he really makes me wanna risk it all
Girl I swear, my text messages are so embarrassing right now
Bitch was late
Just realised my last meal was at 1pm. Now I can't sleep cause I'm so hungry and my stomach keeps growling
Popeyes biscuits will kill you
So I eat pork or beef but my son like chicken... umm wtf is going on here... we might just have to be vegetarian
Miss this
Pregnant sex for me. I feel so uncomfortable & unattractive
Trying so flip into different positions is a struggle
I need the universe or a person to pry me away from my computer or phone for a few hours. I do not have the willpower to do it on my own
going out all night then having work in the morning my a mess
when archie says my
I rebuke false prophets! I bind it and cast it to hell in Jesus name
I want a shrimp salad
bitch my eyelash curler broke while I was curling my lashes
Quick to flip on any soul today They better leave me alone
Two months until my baby turns 1
been working on my shit literally aaaaall day, I just came back home at this point, everything is supposed to go right it just HAS TO
my lashes are so fleeky right now
Everybody at the drake concert was in the nosebleeds damn near had to zoom in blurry ass concert I was views from the snap and annoyed !
Someone dm me and tell me how the hell you budget with your family! I go to work right now because of
we all miss joon its obvious
so tired
I wish I work today
What the frick the stress. Now I'm gonna be searching for daily billboard updates
I need to find a group home/nursing job
Someone put me on something good to watch on Netflix
every time
being hungover and having to babysit a good combination
trying to make some child custom vans on the website but it give me a price is there a problem with the website
want some breakfast
All these Bolly celebs getting married has me some typa way.
I want to have my own Bollywood fairytale wedding too man
I tried my best to form hard guy while watching but i couldn't
Clicked the tag crineee ! leave it to social media to break down a case faster than the FBI
Omg I love this
If you can deal with me and my attitude, i Salute you! really a hand full
My fat girl is 4months today stop growing
He called me funny too WIGGG omg
Aww shit they got flat irons that trim yo ends while flat ironing the game has changed
It sucks when your crush is a hoe
Silvio sunday work for me
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
I love my outfit today
Time check : 1:09 A.M
Can't Sleep
Lmaooo I can try
I know
Perfect
I woke up thinking about you
I need this
son idc, this outfit MAD SUAVE
Whew I saw Hogan get crushed. Hope okay
These sloppy ass belly buttons be getting me tight
homecoming week, but this is the week where being observed.... TWICE definitely gonna need a few drinks this coming weekend
Baby momma WYA
Yall ready
Hate to see you go but I love to watch you leave
When will I get a gf
I have 0 motivation for this semester and my hardest one so far
Hanging outside on the carport today w Wayne Toups blaring.. need me a boo to come dance w me
I love this man
His face def a mamas boy!!! Happy GDAY young thug
Bro I was super fcked up my best friend wrong for this
I was a senior in HS RT 12 years ago today
mad. Also believe they are the true hebrews living in America. Most even work marry wives that
Im with you
Thank you! I love it too! I just want it across my body 24/7
just make you wanna buy everything
I want to hug Lionel Richie....I wish he was my dad sometimes
they genuinely have her best interest and love her through whatever now real friendships for ya!
Damn, I'm so horny!!!
Officially done drinking. ready to go back to work & just lay low now
Allat hair
sucked many titties and really want to rn
Keep me updated on the game, I gotta study
I was admiring shorty pics and her insane body measurements then came across a before surgery pic almost got me..
Made it look so easy!
Me too
I just wanna lay in bed all day & have somebody bring me food but unfortunately I got homework to do
why gotta make me feel like shit
After that shower i took i slept like a baby
So exited to have my car detailed my baby been going thruuuu it lately. After this no more kids eating in my car.
48. an asshole
so tired
Waking up and remembering we lost yesterday ruined my morning. There goes our Championship run
Taylor really Lost All Her Hair like Bruh I hate their Father Genes nappy head asses!
Okay he looking like a whole snack out here
I want to go back to church
That video was beautiful & is a mood
i wanna cook today but he tryna get rid of me
i swear i died a little. he was so freaking nice and i just wish everyone was like that
she scared me last night , I was worried
Already dreading looking for another apartment when my lease is up
Lost my remote a few hours ago so I guess do some stuff on my todo list since I change the channel
cry
Bitch this is twitter famous tweet
Gonna finish the haunting of hill house this evening. not gonna lie, I jumped a few times last night and spilled red wine all over
It let me comment
they still beefing over that kap meeting smh
i beat chloe at anything
Prayers for Trinidad
Twitter and texting my sis is my only serenity atm. works been calling me since 2 am, literally over 15x bc my
sitting on the beach chilling man it feels soooo good out here
Wow who tf was on my Instagram blocking people
Did Gracey ever see my last layout
One number out on the 50/50
I forgot where you work
I believe sick again
I have any other setting
my back pain is killing me and ruining my life i swear
Zenith
Kinda regret taking a nap in the afternoon, now I'm having a hard time getting myself to sleep
Girl stop playing
I just witness someone putting sugar in their grits and now I want to cry
My nephew and my mama stay at it!! Olivia needs to be around here more bc she definitely mellows Karri hyper self out!!!
See tired of social media
I miss you Vanai about to be 2 years since been gone and been hard
The cheerleader girl so pretty
I want to go to Ren Fest
Ziyon think he suppose to get a bottle every 30 min Oh you want some Food food
least we still top 10 we just gotta win out and will be fine
I feel like a failure! I got a really good boomerang of Luca and somehow lost it off my phone while hugging Ben
starting to understand love for LeBron
Why
I said the same thing
Agreed to most what happened to our twissyy
I wanna go out from here cepat la
I wish I liked avocado but I just really
He said a receipt bye
I really wanna dress up for Halloween nobody on shit though
Girl the sex slave one is so wild i wish it was more
I just want a maltipoo puppy
Why tf is this so fucking loud
Please let a nigga look at me like this
need me a man like this
My couch is finally here
Tired, hungry n wanna go to work tomorrow
LILY
Been Cleaning And Washing Since I Woke Up
i'm awake here as if later takde Os eh HAHAHA ok luckily it's at 2.30pm
Omg how am I only just finding out that Oldham has a drive thru fish and chips
My loving brother after the last night.
I just needed the word last night
Really got to get my life together
I gotta headache outta this world
best thing about the quirkl*ss situation are all the CUTE SELFIES
I WANNA COME OVER WE CAN HAVE A CHRISTMAS PARTY
Pink on the toes forever undefeated
at least she knows it
some barbacoa sure does sound good
I want some fish and some baked Mac and cheese
Demetrius need to come on, hungryyyy
Aaannnrrrr okeu
Apaw pat fin
Finally done washing after four days now who wanna fold and hang up stuff is me
Someone bring me a ginger ale please on my death bed
djxjshxuus i didnt even realize i thought yall just really liked drinking haram juice
I think u got the caption wrong
Isobella has gone to Wales till Tuesday know what going to do with myself without my little shadow
Woke up on some Betty Crocker asss shit. Stay tuned. solavaya wish me good luck.
Rajon
hungry 24/7 and all I crave is Nigerian food and pepper
My fave really wants to break out a week before our engagement pics
After last visit where prises the speedy operations. Sadly gone back to normal (@ Nemesis Inferno -
Feeling super down...life is so unfair
i want some pork bones or ox tails.
i really enjoy being alone at times
Finally get to see Halloween today
it I gotta meet someone that looks like me for it to last
What happens when you take an 8 hour nap during the day?
I feel good & i wanna be bothered
Someone needs to invite me over Xmas day, fr fr.
My mom ain't here to host them things anymore
She know speaks English.
Yes I feel like ppl that are voting yes, haven't even really looked into it what's actually gonna happen
Bout to eat good
This still slaps .
My shoulders: stop, stop
OMG NO, THIS IS SO CUTE. IM CRYING
she spit on that girl while she had her baby.
at
i really want to go honey blonde
so jealous of them they were in the same room as lesbian Jesus
So sad i lost the top of my pop socket last night
i wanna make breakfast but i wanna clean up the damn mess gonna make
My stomach been hurting on and off for a few days now something right
they know
sick asl omg
Someone said have to have a super malt fountain at the wedding
Should have gotten my bday weave done today, the salon is so empty
Wish I could be tatted like this lol
I need somebody to take my car for a oil change I don't feel like waiting for all that
moon crawl on a bean.
Omg and this is just natural lighting
I think there will be a sale, May has pretty much wrapped us in a ribbon to gift to trump
Yooooooo!!! I even lie about this one. But trust me I can go without it.
Wish I have to move today
Wanna go on a double date again
Really want my tragus pierced, but trying to resist
I feel hungry all the time, what's wrong with me
any song by Tasha or Tamela Mann
Girl . What you was doing up that early
i told myself i gonna wear lash extensions anymore but i think i lied!
Lordttttttt one thing i tolerate
i miss my wife like a mf
You are not new here anything
This is beautiful
Stop what
Pobre
La realidad es que EXO es malditamente perfecto
Stg I wish I could punch a wall and not get hurt pissed offffff!!!
If aka the goat is at tonight and happens to touch my hand idk what I will do
Coralline is dead scary
You ever have one of those day were you just feel so ugly no matter how hard you try to get cute ?
Made lu to eat after church and damn it smells so good I think I can wait. lol
i wish i could go... But your girl is broke as a joke
Haha tell me about it it can take ages until you've got the exact pose and lighting +
Bruuuuh what??
This look sick dude I wait for this to be out already
everything release just makes my heart happy af
My phone is on 41% and my charger is broke and I feel like going to the store to buy a new one
oh my god i hate when people folds books or album like that
Want to go and see years and years so bad
Looking forward to the one where my husband comes home Wish there was a countdown for that.
I can relate
Why do I always crave on sunday?!
I wait to get in my bed.
Oh lucky you i watch in russian (audio) and they translate so slow
Rose speaks English fluently girl
i am screaming with tears i fucking love kitties so much wow look at this
Been waiting to see Thanos die for so long to see him fuck it all up
Why ppl just let me be single and enjoy my time with God. always getting set up
all my friends are so fine
wishful thinking
do me like that but damn $13 is good
NO SHUT UP I DONT WATCH THEM
My legs are sore as fuck but had a good run
my mother and her friends gossip to damn much
Get someone who going feed you
gusto ko mag chicken wings & beer
I gon lie I wanna see another airport or plane for a while
Broke my nails and managed to tear off half my actual nail while having a fight with my sister now I have
I wanna go the mall
Missed you guys , sad not going the tour
being bp partner is exhausting he literally does not lose!!! after the 7th time winning im OVER IT
I saw one of those birth videos & muted the word birth. I
Hurricane Michael has destroyed my hometown.. Please pray for me and my family Everybody has lost everything
speaks English fluently girl
Why is med express popping like this
I be feeling like doing anything with my hair after I wash it
I woke up and I still have a migraine.
We love you too happy everything went well
just cause there is video evidence of Rondo spitting on CP3 doesn't mean Rondo spit on CP3
do it, please do it
So ready to see & talk to my man , these letters not shit
Really been going back and forth to IG and twitter for the last 6 hours , welp 2 more hours to go
buy my own flight just invite me
and here we are 3 years later happy birthday to my love bug I hope your day is nothing less than AMAZING..
Church was amazing
Btw... I still want the "perfect" cover
dream dog
Stomach hurt
Craving for an ice cream and 12.14AM
I need to put something in my stomach
So that's not proper English? Wow.
Watch out for them snakes in disguise
People with nice hair will never experience the cost of a full fucking pony tail
I really want some golden wings but im not for the wait
my home look beautiful if only I could afford to live there
just want my momma to bring me food from columbus
Enjoy my body too time to slim down
Honestly I was looking thru these again sober and wondering how I did this lmao....I struggle with his hair a lot usually
should i buy alcohol or be responsible
I've thought of the first thing and I'm staying in
i been hurt before , shit i had to tell ha ian with it
Please ask again
My 2 year old niece has major anger issues literally you tell her no and head but wall
IKR We wanted to go see Gary Clark Jr but there are only GA tickets left.
I gotta write a poem I be saying ANYTHING & my class be all snaps LMAOOOO it be so funny. how I
Just wanna stay in bed all day
I get my lashes and hair done tomorrow so ready to feel cute again
Slick want wings
Dirty get that money
sister wtf wrong wit me
so irritated st myself that I can never remember this little name
If is giving people advice on then the nation are well and truly fucked crackers
To be honest with you I need a roast dinner!!!!
Nobody ever got that when you need it
This why I drink henny no more one shot an on my death bed
My pride let me do a lot of things
Shit be crazy when you losing yourself & then start losing the people that mean the most around you
idk why i agreed to work today, cold and i wanna get in the bed
sis did not have to snatch my edges like this ... TAKE ALL MY MONEY !
Ok ok m te bliye bagay konsa mwen menm!
Soo Do you remember when you joined Twitter?
...
I really need to be my boyfriend where can I find him?
Ugh my sim had a baby and got super fat now I have to cram in working out
I'm praying they don't take that long to come out
I need a light dust tonight who can do it??
sorry for being inactive
not too far from Rhinebeck. Cold today!
Yo watching Ella Mai interview is hilarious acts like never seen edges before
trending no1 worldwide for the comeback teaser nothing new but just means they coming soon
Shite coffee tho
so disappointed with you
at this point i thought never want a pet. but living alone makes me want a puppy .
Most irritating moment is ironing school uniforms
Naw fr keshauna
Jamie Fox unfortunately
But ready to
Thank you so much to those that have already dmed us! Boy, The Creatives Con has put me on to some amazing creatives.
I cant wait to get off so i can clean, take a bath & lay down
Same
i wish i seen you
Lmkkkk i miss you guys too i will definitely take some time! We can go out to eat or something love
Somebody please tell me not the only one to wait till last minute to write 2, 5 page essays fuck me
will someone go have drinks with me tonight PLEASE!
this back pain no joke
I miss My Baby Greg I gotta go see him today
Need something new done to my head
I Needa New Phone !
I messed up cutting off the word podcast
I still need a 1 week break lol
This only work bitches be crazy so they prolly get to choose who deals with crazy
This is my chat sis! I always look for fat girls on Insta & the like to follow for fashion sense,
not yet halfway through with purpcom jus wanna sleep naaaa
Tomorrow is the day! Can't wait for the song
x
I want this so bad
I gone
Apartment hunting is so draining
My heartttt
Why is the Jamaican spot line out the damn door!
My mental health has deteriorated
Same barely making it out here
From Stoney river
Ass hell
barely a month til I get to see and wait to have my mind blown and neck broken
Not what I need right now
Wait! People are really out here hatin?? I understand the hate your getting for this
I need to get this hip tattoo finished
And aurora is acting fine while here like ouch and trying to calm me down lol
the circles, the unfinished statement.. re: wings era
Here comes the cruciating pain from these annoying migraines
UGH I DONT KNOW WHAT TO BE!!!!! given up
Omm I was on FaceTime yesterday tryna figure out how to flip the camera
I seen my parents in like 3 days
Feels great to wake up next to my man and to over sleep
Apple auto correct is bullshit at times
My showww
What kind of boo know what car u whip lmaooo
here for tha girls
Oh shit let me hurry up. I'm fucking hungry tho it's about to be mad chicken and pizza at the kids party how
My boyfriend always spoils me with the smallest things he knows I love the most
I will NEVER fight over a nigga keep him sis
If not one thing, always another
Same gal when one spot goes another 10 just appear
Brighton belt never worn paid $70 reg $100 selling for $20
Break time , and by breakfast I mean steak and mashed potatoes
Don Jazzy gon has stopped since man cannot come and kill himself
I wanna go out to eat
One hurt
Ugly god been gone forever we still here tho album bout to be fireee
Aww lol. crazy that been out since been alive
tried that it help. Nothing is helping. I feel like dying.
Think i wanna move back to Texas
So close
Failed at finding them the perfect forever home , now i guess i have to create it for them Never thought i
really better off wearing my own hair. full and long... I just want the heat damage
My cousin messaged me talking bout I thought I was thick shit only... bitch it WAS idk what happened
This cold is getting WORSE!!
i miss even though we talk everyday
My best friend will be here Saturday & so excited to have Bohemian food
I'm studying but i have jongdae's i can't believe in my head
I have shit ton of homework due tomorrow
I won my first Instagram giveaway! It makeup but I got four tickets to the SA aquarium
hopefully I have my car by Friday
On god if I was a nigga her wig woulda been gone and her spin
I want some batters and berries breakfast
fixing to wash these dishes and rest for a while. gonna start washing at about 6
5 Days to go... I want yo try something new this time... just so shy though . I want to Nail this story
Dang my mama always decide to barbecue when I have to be back in Huntsville
I get home until 6 this morning
I hate u for having this week off
lightweight jealous of everyone with a newborn right now..
My butt is soooooo sore from workout
but sooo cute
i wish i took pictures at hoco
so tired of cleaning
Bart of je pa?
ngayon lang natapos yung book review omg pero yung deadline neto last week pa
the saddest part of moving out of my ex's place was saying goodbye to the pupper i love you always thatcher
honestly same i have two weeks off and one week has already passed and i have done absolutely 0 things
Why nobody told me about black lighting im so hooked
I wish . Been apart for 7 months now
I'm really a nice guy & everybody treat me like shit
do it Tooley have kid wonder make yo shit
Ugly i want that arm around my neck choking the thirsty out of me
I love my little brother I want him to grow up and be mean
YOU ARE ME!!!!
Makes perfect sense!!!
soon as he get off
what we do
My doctor told me this one puts you through a roller coaster of emotions for like three months and then fine
This Domo and Chrissy shit too much.
I want to take a nap but I have to cook
3:30 me please
Soooo much information and stuff screaming for attention. I would have given up after the first attempt! Crazy
Same here
fuck the brewers for ruining my ed show. now snow patrol opening and fucking PISSED
I need to eat hopefully baby girl stay sleeping
wow someone just told me i have feelings
so beautiful
Same
Faridah: Mummy, Breast
Me: You want to suck breast?
Faridah: Yessss
Me: Agbaya ni e
Next thing is she starts crying
I really want to hear Tae Tae sing a song by Daniel Caesar
obsessed with The Haunting of Hill House. Sooo good.
I gotta stop commenting on certain people tweets killing me with RTs, likes and comments
I hate getting drunk I start spending money for nothing
trending no1 worldwide for the comeback teaser nothing new but just means they coming soon
been praying for the documentary since queen dropped
Amethyst is that girl
I love man lmao man I know last night was fun
Wish I was at central park w my old roomie rn
been terrified of em Ever since I got bit by a Green Hairy one around 5 years old maybe, and my dad
Two types of niggas
/( (> /( )>
_/ \_ _/ \_
Your ovaries better flip
My baby ask for this barbie dream house everyday Christmas come on!
Unbelievable. A mate is gunna pick my keys up for me So typical aha!
your new place? X
I need tints on my car
ready to film the COCKY AF video ready to turn up with you Ms. Snow! the hold up?
Idk if just me but when I see a dogs ears cut that shit breaks me like dito why
i love the way pussy looks and taste
Should have played the babies lullaby when I light on the candles.
Now I have to keep myself fully awake
so tired
Some mfs leather boots up to her knee with her shorts on and ass falling out
what I want but I want to wear the boots and if I wear them
He is so cute
Ready
Woke up with yet another headache
Got to just add Games of Thrones & Harry Potter to the list interest me
I be feeling soooo refreshed after a long nice morning shower
Sad but true, she used to have HITS though
calling my name as well
Uhghh planning to sleep but suddenly saw this My heart stop beating EXOOOOO!!! Been waiting this for
I know
When the weather changes my immune system becomes so defenseless
gorllll illegal to sell em now bc they gotta have prescription tried
I burnt my finger today and it hurt so bad
just woke up and it's really cold out here
!
But thank you!
I wanna leave yet
I remember anything from last night
I fucking hate hangovers I went on top of a water tank last night , fucking dying
drake brought out YG & Post malone yesterday i ever going to a concert in kc again i swear
love you
I finally got some good sleep! Weed withdrawals are no joke.
okay, bout there too
Bwahahaha! Oh my GOD, that is HILARIOUS! DYING right the fuck NOW!
why are most Halloween costumes so revealing? not in shape for that & just not my style
Mwen menm too love
Nap Soon
imagine being this pretty
OMG U WERE SO CLOSEEEE moomin n snufkin are the cutest :,))
This is like the bathroom at the BBMAs all over again only worse
NAMJOOON
Broken Heart tattoo been callin my name
There's so many
1.) 26 reveillons nous
2.)27 francais Chant D'esperance
These song hit home tears and all
Sam said tss it be like that honestly someone have let me make this decision because look at me now
such a hopeless romantic
hot af in this place
Woke up crying ..
I miss high school cheer we use to have soooo much fun lol
Ken so fussy all they gave my baby was Tylenol
Im so nervous for this tattoo
That fucking smile
Since when
28 tomorrow let that sink in
bruh they just called me saying they need me to go into work to cold for this shit
Oh my God! I want thisssssss
This is not fair can you give me a chance to finish the pick up line
Drunk sex is highly not recommended lmao well from my experience
they need the boost maybe. Specifically the girls.
You adorable witcho Tweety Bird lookin ass thought I thaw a putty lookin ass
Only two reason I miss being home My cooking and watching my babies grow
I need to get back to having my Sundays off it just does not feel right to be working on a damn Sunday
I was blocking my blessings with a the negative energy!
no I miss more than Ona in my life right now
thank you for bringing this art to my timeline
No idea what do without the gym as a stress reliever
Forgot my pasta at home .
if referring to were ryan ross and i ever in a relationship NO we were FRIENDS and aaaam i
want you to hear me screaming heavy breathing
My son good for right now I spent sooo much money this weekend
show up please let me continue my work
So cute! I wish they were a 6.
I really want to walk in a shop pick up anything I like, not even look at the price tag and just buy it
Omg being so needy
this bitch is so annoying
my parents are the best i thank them enough
I played it everyday and made a snap EVERYDAY singing the song was literally my shit.
we say wish u lived at least 10x a day
I wait to move and just have my own private space
so ready to different styles with my dreads
Guess not been with the real God Twitter account too
in lebanon!! and we r here ..
i only answer my phone for one person
Oh my god Meech in New York
4 hours to sleep before work starts
omfg so cat and fluffy.
My head on 10
is on a new level of talent wtf
Getting the real urge to compete next season but grad school
Every year around this time in the semester I be ready to quit
i literally gave up playing tourists in my own country a spoiled brat
I would love these
if i said i want your body would you hold it against me cause you feel like paradise I need a tonight
For now. Tomorrow game could unhinge that
splitting up together is actually really my favorite.
So I gotta do this!?
girl who you go w
I woke up at 7:30 as if yesterday happen so I know sleep will be real good tonight
Yesterday was sweetest day here but Ohio
gotta try the db special with extra lemon pepper sprinkles from JC wingz.. soooo good
Ameen retweeted my painting now them art major niggas finna cook my shit.
You always understand lmao
omg so fat and fluffy.
No I used to work with this girl
Our girl is growing up
I really wish could see it in person. Pictures and videos do it justice
I argued with this actually 32) today but fun finding but its fun finding butthurt
THANK YOU
my parents are the cutest people on earth oliver is so loved already
Baby Ima need more than a hug
I just want my bed
I hate when a nigga fine cause you just know he a hoe
What I do to clear my head
remember when we went to this & was in that mf acting uppppp for him
tryna see some grey sweatpants pics
sis Def about to be farting on the altar
Would actually love to know how managed to screw my knee up
i love you so much babygirl, thank you dei we shall pichi blast next week okay? i promise thank
4 was my favorite number for years cus it took me 4 peck kisses to finally make out with my first gf I was
lol being lazy rn .. ion wanna move.
I wish I was getting a home cooked meal today
Everybody and there mom on all my new feeds are going too
it feels like not doing as much as I could
Who wanna help me take my hair down?
How hard is it trying to not let something bother you
thank you so much
I miss typing on my phone w my nails done . The sound & shit this the longest I ever went
OKAY done after this one. Going harder in the gym
When in the bathroom and the light stops working
tell the Davinci Kids or be making more cookies
I know only thing gonna have to go just to have a look lol
I want a second job i know ima be tired tho !
Nope me too bro And ima curse you out later
Just wanna be laid up all day
shower was just bomb
Well crap the sun is gone and the rain is about to fall!! Someone adopt me
my order said it was delivered but when I arrived home that day there was no package
It would be perfect if i didn't have to leave the house
No message this morning
so hungry but getting food would require me to get out of bed
My Phone Dry AF Had To Make Sure Sprint Aint Cut Me Off
so tired of reading hateful comments when will they stop. We already get hates from other fandoms but
When will they stop playing games with us I M T I R E D
learning
Some of say some dumb ass shit when mad I just rlly hope God use me as a way to teach you a lesson
always hungry and broke
I need alllll threee
you remember when we both locked eyes
When the pranker doesn't reply to me come on I want to have fun too lol totally might just be the wrong
even care about how feeling.. be like are you? Good? Okay so can I have your
the best feeling be all snuggled up under the covers
I wish I had female friends because I need someone to talk to
so tired of the chaos. I just want to find my peaceful place and stay there forever
I though this song was about me yesterday at work I felt it in another lever.
Waiting 27 min in for two cups of coffee this normal. Everyone just seemed unorganized.
Jeeez I'm convinced that God spent wayyy more time than usual when he was perfecting my ladies
Being at the gym without headphones is torture
I wanna go to Salem and do spooky things w/ my satanic friends
happiest birthday, shanelle! I miss you so much see you really soon!! ily
Like why we ate & hot cheetos last night whyyy
been to two and my third in april
Had my car over a year and i dont even know how to open the bonnet
Why you go off on baller alert like that sis?
lmao im praying for you
Damn just now waking up
Work is killing my back
This is going to be me in March at PCB
Yeah same here
Maybe It brings up the painful realization that we win.
They sang me and my moms fav song at church today whew had me crying
Lmfao in highschool they were too much
tryna listen but them lashes distracting me
I always forget to bring hand sanitizer with me in NY
like I turn up Good Form enough!
I wish I drank more alcohol last night
Ayzaria have me watching Matilda 24-7
I never used to get hangovers. I miss that girl
Jesus, all I want is to get into PT school!
Chili noodles so fye
She is so talented
Our defense too fucking slow dog
Sophomore day and our last game come out and support ya girls
Someone keep me updated with the game
omg too much cuteness to handle those girls are gonna be trouble!
for heaven's sake... may the force be with you professor Singh of course you have a better sense
Recovery music after giving the dog a medical shampoo bath.
Overdose of positivity has made Twitter a boring place lately.
man i did a hard reset, i unpaired and repaired it to my phone, all that
My stomach growling too as mine is snoring
voice so sexy even more when he half asleep
Wow I was so tipsy this morning I put a dent in my car Lol I was so ready to get in bed I give not one Fuck
Happy 10 Months Babygirl Mommy Loves You Wish You Stop Growing Even Sit Still For Pics Anymore
Turkey
there's a fine line between just having fun with twitter humor and whatever yall do just for a bunch of likes and rts
See I know going to be me too
Yess!! I was sholl gone to to Atlanta next week but cancelled bc of school
Meek killed this jawn
Just added this to my playlist
3 f vid to edit and im f drunk. Deadline will be tomorrow. Help me you guys
I wish I could pull a Rondo
Bruh I just wanna know where buying yalls clothesss, half of got some fire ass fits omm
This is the typa shit that makes me want to quit the 8-5 life
know Montrealers love to line Montreal Gazette respect us
can't sleep, may try-out pa bukas
I want a puppyyy!
For real! Makes me feel hella old! really grown, cousin.
she would never be this big now
It's not that deep, im not 12 and I'm not buying into ur UFO sightings sorry
Trynna put baby A to sleep so i can finish getting ready for this wedding. I had to put him in the harness just to do my makeup lol
Same I'm out in the middle of no where all alone all the time
its cold as fuck outside i need some new
But so good for your insides
Even when been a horrible bestfriend, she still loves me
I wanna go to Halloween Horror Night
Lmaoo fair
modern day picasso jungkook is QUACKING
can we get a new neymessi pic
I need 2017 vibes Back
Wow the proof everyone was looking for. He really spit on him
Omg download Grindr a whole other world
these cute as fuck sis
Omg sorry
I want some queso
so tired , I really wait for this all to be over
Drs have suggested to me that it could also be endo, but waiting to get referred
We stan racists
I really liked them too
Just started 1st one, lost already
7 hours from there
Addicted nak ngabis HR the cursed child book
Swear
i cant believe im turning 21 on wednesday
Hopkins one hand on Ramsey
I added a video to a playlist FUI ASSALTADO PELO GALEROSO
I would fucking kill for some Antar rn, gimme dat chicken zinger wrap and a shawarma
Stop putting babies on my tl
I need next Monday to get here, so I can finally shave my face. I feel gross.
mis panquecas son lo mejor
I know I know I know I know long overdue
I will put together a group of tracks and send em off today
to the time when was heel we need this
really a good man
all I want is to go to a patriots game before Brady retires
Lord knows I been patiently waiting for the loml to come home
whoever the man was in my dream .. i love you, come back to me
I knew this new guy was creepy!!
Hungry and ine even start cooking yet since I woke up late. Idk if to cry right now or what
SOS someone bring me a monster to the 3rd floor of Bracken
First night of doing 3rd shift see how this go.
fan x idol. so soft
Omg I forgot I got you though!
You be getting all the weirdos in your inboxes
Guys my X roommate is living her life she went to Thailand!!
Somebody must of seen Rich
Wow they are already busy with the hype, its actually happening!
Somali Airlines
My husband said bae cook today no eating out in my head what will I cook sick of rice and gravy
I feel so tired
Why it seem like he age slow
This has been such a peaceful weekend i love it
I am also waiting for
KFSGKSAXHR BAEKHYUN INSPIRED ME
I seriously want wings but I'm afraid of walking alone. Its not that late but ngiyasaba
I'm insecure ab my smile just like how ethan is
I wish i was going to Howard homecoming
shook why does the weirdest shut happen to me
Man I gotta rewatch riverdale season 2 because I remember what happened in it to continue on to season 3
Every time I plan a chill day... that shit backfires
when you needy but still disagree some opinions >>>>
I'm on Xbox, I wish
Bitching about Plastic is so.. fucking Sevco Huntastic
Pitches & Paddies
Which racially profiled
Little miss Snow White
bite and your dreams will come true
I just called and got everything resolved THANK YOU!
I never even got the ball to be able to play we may as well of played with 10 today
yes be sleeping so good then wake up Ina middle of the night & do it again
facts for sure! this is what finna do
Wish I can relate
Oh dear .
.
Can't review forward progress.
I just opened your avi, girl you beautiful as fuck
I was literally just sleep for like a hour
two things i love *puts cilantro on c*lo for a photoshoot*
Some Uni we dey inside SHS saf dem no fit do we this
My stomach hurts from last night
Nope
Mannnnn why yeen tell me i only ate one time since i got em
I miss streaming, been on bed since morning,hotspot connection is weak, barely play
She told me she love me I feel for her
We keep getting told you can't get Orange Pekoe anymore oh yes you can, you can get it from us
know how much sleep affect my anxiety until now
I believe Molly been gone for 7 monthsss I really misss him so much this shit hurt bad
Why did this just break my heart where did my baby sisters go
omg this vine brings back memories & emotions with my ex
I really like weird shit
bringing Ryder a whole bouquet of flowers my heart
My next car will have a sunroof and heated seats
so glad my momma throw my pregnancy pillow away I loveeeeeeeee this pillow
You're laughing at the wedding party
when you needy but still disagree with some opinions >>>>
scary how in the Navy your life depends on other people doing their job
Everyday
I do not feel like doing this fucking homework
Man what
There are currently three movies in theaters that I wanna see
Even your back is beautiful unnie, how can.
ugh im hungry again wtf i just ate
Somebody lemme know when come to Houston
I want cherry blasters or sour patch right now
100% has a Twitter bio like she/her, emo never Absolute state of it
the bottoms to date in my town
We had a long ass night
kajbgahg i sure hope so!!!! man it'd be so good to get a 2 eps release
Zach Eartz thought RT Lmaoooo this nigga Reid
I hate allergies yo , my nose is itching so bad
Wanna straighten my hair but want the damage
I have a headache putting me in a bad mood Actually In A Good Mood.. But This Headache Is Bringing Me Downnnnnn
Suddenly everyone wants to play League...
There's so many
1.) 27 Francais Chant D'esperance
2.) 26 Reveillons Nous
These two be hitting home, tears and
And we with it
I gotta go get that jacket from urban
I wait to my Baby get off work
whipped cream speaks too me so muchhhhhhh thanks girl
I hope not because that really ruined my birthday
start or you be able to stop. supposed to be learning tech
so basically i need to sleep 5 times and i'll be blessed
stomach hurts
Here comes the rain
I need cuddles too cold
Lmao...... calm down na
I miss going to the gym
They built that after Katrina
swear half the shit happened would of if she was here
THATS EXACTLY WHAT I WAS SCREAMING AT THE TV
I have a crazy amount of homework... I wanna do it
They going for it on 4th and 5 they respect us
I'm only on episode 2
Unisel feskon is next week but I'm not going...must be really fun
I've watched 'Passengers' so many times but I wanna watch it again
.... shame the beer is non alcoholic! getting very boring
Dinner time after work still got kitchen to clean up 62 meals today not too bad
I wish I could capture each and every moment when my dogs are being such dorks so funny to look at
and GUYS !!! he was so nice
wait till I feel better so I can start grinding again. Week w/o school and work is just even more stress
Its bad I wanna smoke before church huh
shit I really need to sleep but
I still baked brownies yet
my back hurts so badddd
I needed to hear this
Seems the fall of MY WIGWAM OR YOURS was more serious than first thought
deserve that thoughts are
Boy that haunted house had a nigga scared asf last night
True, cause my ass is crying rn
This song just gave me the chills thinking about that one person
Wouldnt know
Anyone that rlly knows me knows I keep EVERYTHING people give me LMAO prolly end up framing that
Been real happy lately
desperately in need of a tummy rub because Jesussss.
I crave a mental connection, I want someone to feel me without feeling me. Ya feel?
Hate leaving Nicole
This is worryingly true.
I was so fucked up idek how
Was about to call your phone this guy
Brb busy rn
Its brick
Lmaoooooo I wish it hurry up developing and end
All I want is a house why is it so hard to find
woke up sick asf
chicos currently obsessing over triunfo 2018 sorry in advance if i start tweeting about it damn you spain
Never Would Of Thought My Life Would Be Like This
I feel so fat now
why is it that i crave chic fil a more on Sunday than any other day of the week...
Man g this shit getting out of control
why did i even bother going out
i just want some box braids
My brother went to work Friday evening and can't reach back south as yet
Me rn
Aaron wan-bissaka whyyyy ??
Aubameyang my FPL is in your hands
dead ass want cookies for common sense.
Yup in they damn chargers acting a damn fool
My teeth are being shifted due to my wisdom teeth and my smile is starting to look weird
I understand why only 1 nip is pierced though?!
Requested pizza for 18:45, it's still not here
kante re lwelang? Ke le dirileng mara?
Same here, I drink that mess that much!!
My mom friend is irritating
really about to preorder another dmumt
i want some wings today
The hate u give I wanna see that movieeeeeeeeee but nobody wanna go with me
Can't wait for Tuesday
NO SHAME IN THIS HOME WE DRAW FORTNITE FURRIES GAMERS RISE UP
Legend, why you tell us sooner
It did!! He shines in Europe
Every since I moved out my mom house I stopped cooking
Need to go see The Hate U Give
sus needs to come to ATL or Nashville
Imma go see it anyways RT Your the only one I heard say this. really telling the truth??
he truly is
Yesss I can eat them cooked though! Like in apple pie, can you?
The one we made last time was sooo good
really felt summer walker on deep
waittt
Apartment shopping I kno I found my new apt and waiting for it but I hada jus check out a few more
the people that I be thinking riding for me be the main ones hating on me
Once dinner is done tonight so am I! fucking tired
this me, cause i be to Bih never quitting
why we can't swipe and remove notification why one step more?
always wanted to b a doctor.
for you I am so sorry for your loss.
Wake up at 5. Arrive SA 5.30. Arrive Cyber at 6 plus. Then if not available wake up at 5.45
Tolong la available
I went through the trouble of making apple crumble in the microwave. I will always stay fat.
A Netflix ya solo le falta poner Drake y Josh
this reminds me that i need to continue
Hope not catching a cold
I should be asleep rn
no that they posted the same tweet two times and then deleted it and then kept it the third time
This partying till morning at this age is not healthy at all.. Takes a whole day to recover
would be nice if unlocked Pixel phones were sold at Someone make it happen!
Can somebody PLEASE tell me where October went?
Yeah, the have been for a while now. such a good looking couple.
Lmaoooo bad asses. Mr Bravo was there too & Ms. Magana
Watching your Team loose is bad for your mental health
He really just made my day already from this morning Love a Man that Be On
Really? Smh idk what imma do
& then i got drunk felt like we been out in forever... i want the night to end but then I woke
I want some soft waves so bad but I want to cut my hair
in need of a serious deep tissue massage
I need to get a new box of BC powder. running low
Keep having horrid nightmares at the moment
My baby loves spicy food
Nov 10th wya??? trying to get out of Baltimore fr
// i can't get mad you're too precious
I just used all the energy I had now tired af again
yeah.
*offers self-care hot beverages*
Omg! Me heart
such an amazing voice love
I need some fine ass friends to go out with on the weekends
DYLANHHGDB what was scary about it I was waiting for something to happen the entire time and then it ended
no? I gotta see how it ends.
Yes, the inane grin is spectacularly irksome
I need a nap and I just got up not too long ago
Noooo not yet
starting to roll his eyes and say when I ask him to do something. I swear this kid acts like me more and more everyday
Ugh i went to the old plush last night an ate everybody pizza that had one with out asking that was the dirtiest
I miss my old apartment like shit
Again, how is Luke Bryan a thang
left me early this morning now bored
I love her for it TL would be dry without pettiness
AKO LANG BA YUNG MADAMING MEDYAS PERO WALANG KA-PAIR? Hayy I badly need it
Me goin to my man house after I merched I was done
How tragic. Democrat values.
I want one
I want some aloe juice
love being out of state when me bazzi is in illinois
I Say I Wanna Sleep In Everyday & Still Wake Up Around 9 But Today I Actually Got To Sleep In In & It Felt Soooo Good!
Ugh rotator cuff is a little harder and the recovery takes a little longer the surgeon I work
ready!!!! i finished the whole series last month
I want some spinach dip from Cheddars so bad
Really
i think i got carried away or maybe im just bored .
badly need fast connection pls
People that take warm showers in this weather are complete psychopaths
If you know me then you know I love tights & I fit my damn tights anymore lol I kept saying Big girl my tights are too big!
Big tears
Finally
Saw a movie titled We Are Your Friends & I have to say once again..
There's levels to this DJ thingy
I want one
I went to a movie and then I know what to do with myself lol
These folks got me under so much medicine, I can barely keep my eyes open
I thought so! So i guess this countdown thing will last for a few days before we found out what they have up their sleeves
I gotta clean up the backyard
can i just move here please Singapore
my body so tired
I Got Wayyyy Too Drunk LastNight
Could never be that hungry
love being outta state when mr bazzi is in illinois
I just fell Inlove with a home I went to see
so hungry but I trying to move out this spot
I love female friends but I don't have money to pamper them... but I can help you achieve your goals and
I need to go get my hair done
Afff obg, Mari
I understand where she is getting all this energy from. But when I say she has kicked the wind out of me
HERMANO SI
Leaving a sketchbook behind is an worst nightmare glad getting back into it
YALL I was looking thru my pictures & i found this
Check that email more than the socials
Idk you have to preheat the coil and press the button 3X! Why nobody tell me this and to turn it off you press it 5x smh
face
Damn it be to long
I would so go if it almost a 10 hour train trip for me
Are u on armys side or bts side ??? WHY ARE U GIVING THEM IDEAS??
I keep telling people I wanna give birth in a hospital
Needing some good ole food
Am I late?
I pray not the case with me
Can he come back already
sleep!!!
I wonder if I call cook county will they be nice enough to tell Dion I said to call me neeeooow. finna send the whole div10 up.
I just want someone to come over and watch scary movies and eat food with me
Yo fucking beat on the real tho
the weekends go by dumb fast it kills me
I was drowning watching this
Imma throw a lingerie party someday
Never knew a lot of still in HS
I wish I had more eyelid space :/ I be having visions for a look but my hooded lids hold me bike
teased us and deleted the last pic
I got two assignments due tomorrow & feel like doing em
Ohhe
Imagine me with another child go crazy
Definitely me omw to do some shit I ain't got no business
If life was a movie , your the best part if you love me wont you say something
Swear down like the wolf, blowing the whole house down with the sneeze
I needa quick nap before I cook again bc hell no
Do letters from county count?
DM me I'm selling nudes, sexts and videos!! I'm waiting
I have the biggest headache ever
Shucks ke itshetse ka cheap wine!
a nice tummy rub would do rn
I can use a booty rub, I miss my baby!
I would of be pissed
Loool I even sing it when I read it
I want to give u the biggest hug
literally made a type im so dumb hfghfjg
think ever felt so poorly, tonsillitis is gonna kill me off this time
SO POOR BECAUSE I ALWAYS FEEL THE NEED TO SPEND MY MONEY ON LATE NIGHT WHATABURGER
Sadly true
Hate snap chat now Someone asked me if I stopped posting pics bc I was pregnant Like yeah imagine that
I want some boba tea
love love love her and this album
The closer I get to moving & living on my own...the more I want a dog
kinda what I figured
yesterday was just perfect
she tried to take Me outta character Sunday
I got the water part down, now I just need to start eating better
make two of us then. Blurgh!
let her have no tattoos either
Is there anything more annoying than being buzzing for an asos delivery only to hate the thing bought
Yeah I did and I know why I semi cleaned, then bounced home
No cheese is life
Just like the Nicki collab we expecting it , omg who could it be !!!?
He won again.
They need to put Norbit on Netflix
I feel so good
I love living by myself
can life just slow down
please return.... this could cost me 2 fantasy games
i woke up with the worst back wtf
Guess who's the loneliest joon stan it's me and it will always be me
Sneaker heads watching this video like
Bro getting me so excited and this even my wedding , but wait to see you
I WANNA HOLD A SLOTH
I want to see anything more than this
Milktea tayo tas heart to heart talk
I gave this fucking child my numberthis little ass boy he could be my son I promise nobody else gets this number yo
I came all the way down to the pool and left my book upstairs just gon have to sit here without it
UGH my bunny boo
Please come again
I could have my hair played with ALL day
Note to self: ever drink to much when w family my head hurts
Wait.... quavo and other
ha ha whilst i was ass licking and crying over 1d back in the day they were avoiding tax honestly fuming yall
the wind really windy as crap outside.. I knew that was gonna be a problem.
Thinking about pushing my appointment back Thursday to see the baby since I have to much to do at school before I finish
Someone plz bring me a 4-pack of redbull
Ah dont put yourself down!
I get really depressed on weekends. Sometimes So much that I get myself to go to work on monday.
You would have thought I was at a club until 3am lit af with how tired I feel right now.
It sure does
At this point in my pregnancy I care about being fashionable or cute. I just wanna be comfy
so tired but this is a dangerous time to fall asleep
I get it but I still cant replay I had delated application and downloaded once again but It work
I swear
OH NO :( wish i could
not at all what you deserve
Play w this not my feelings, I take it
Okay so a radio station confirmed it's not Ariana
I wanna go on a date
lmao me but online shopping bc i'm a lazy bitch
Bruh Shi wild u know dat cop I knew him I didn't know he was 12 bruh n dey was black
Hello wifi, I need you right now.
I can't sleep because of you
I rel fed up boy. my heart breaking for people who already suffering and have to deal with MORE
yo Zac Efron had an entire WALLL in my bedroom
I currently live in my dms, becoming a problem. Like why do they have to go with absolutely everything
Who gave me permission to be this damn cute I see why these dusty bitches hate me, if I looked like you wanna beat my ass too !
i can not believe you actually went past much money i see the
been craving soup.
Really trynna be great before work but this website keep crashing
Bruh I'm not driving 4 hours for no dick are you DOMB!?
TGFAD
I NEED Mexican food like I had it in so long
you would put this shit on my tl
I want a home cooked meal.
okay never had that before wonder what hitting on
cant believe tomorrow's Monday. Wtf
Ya'll both sus
I want some buffalo tenders
Tired Of Eating
mans casually said a hit like it was nothing LOOOOOOL
Wow no one understood what she was talking about? She metaphysical. A whole nother level of being
Hoseok can have everything
Today...I get an omelette...had absolutely no cheese.
I swear getting my whole arm tatted after i have this baby i been feenin for ink lawdddd
Partying with older people is so much fun
keeping his hair, I keep his first everything
I swear that my roommate and homegirl deal with this in the best way I only know one other person that has my
this your QB
Got lunch, got Rito, got stuff for dinner tonight... now I can go home, eat, & sleep the rest of this liquor off
Scorpio and Aquarius
I need me a lowkey girl. tired of these girls that talk to and know everyone
oleee heart broken ass
a loud pack with extra crack sauce from lotus would smackkkk rn
Of course, the graveyard is 1.2mill in rollercoaster tycoon, I just want a graveyard in my theme park.
exactly. over here really tryna decide
Yes worry about none of that
Iam not use to this iPhone xs yet
Twitter is not the place to be when celibate
back on these smoothies & already ready to quit
I'm at my lowest weight since junior year of high school and I've never felt better
His soul bro I even describe it like genuine asfff.
Hate waking up drunk and not getting out of bed in tome@to start my day
My 9 year old is watching on the all doe eyed.. stop itttt I afford another fan girl daughter
Yeaa but that don't even be the case fr they never know the half of it
Deadass missed volleyball so much yesterday when I went to the tournament. & I missed my friends even more
the only account that matters
I wanted to be apart of the tag but everyone is beautiful and i'm a potato. Also, i'm procrastinating on my paper
happy af she be this week
tryna make thru this shift but sooo tempted to go tf home
Just got hired at Burlington lit dawg
Man just realize I work Halloween and I really wanted too
41)
I just want to watch halloweentown why I find it anywhere
This is the cutest thing ever. why am I crying !!!!
Finally. I think all fs have fallen asleep. I can finally go to sleep too. Good night everyone!
so hard for me to sit down & do homework man
just not him
not even that a hater just that you bitches are corny
just saying,
I hope I get pregnant sometime in January so I can have a baby around next pumpkin patch szn
Insecurities
wait too get home
you know im just jealous
Oh dear that cats not happy at all !
Hehe love it! This one wraps the hair around itself with warm air and then sets it in w cool.
my phone on 4
why does UConn dining halls only offer off brand cereal??? Crunch even cost a lot cheap af
My only regret this morning though; Oblivion's not in range of a Pokestop to farm
Pain is when your phone drops on your face whilst laying down
how long i take to get ready?
3 minutes LMAOOOO idk makeup i only put like basic powder on my face and go bc im lazy like that
shit sad maneeeee i wanted to to homecoming
SN: I want more crab cakes
is smoking on the crab cakes
Bro I had Saturday Sunday and Monday , they changed them this morning I was heated
the twins playing with us lastnight had us up all night
Why do I always crave Chick-fil-A on Sundays!?!?
The thing about having short hair is looking forward to the haircuts every 2 weeks. That shit is so relaxing and refreshing
1:30am and I'm currently looking for food
Bruh I wait
Yo I gotta 100 dollar tip last night the ballers was out
thanks for the love on my animation gif too babes, makes me want to work harder and better for you all
Yal tell twitter all yal business
Look at that bowl of soup. I just want to attack it
I literally gotta deal w everything on my own .. and have dealt w everything on my own since 15 g tired . I need a break bro
i wanna go to the state fair but working
$dyaunag. help a college student out
Chick asked me what I do for a living. Told her, turn
yesssss
if anybody found a iphone 8lus PLEASE RETURN IT TO MEE!!!!
This hair your fit!! A whole mood Glow Sis Glow
I wish living alone so expensive
everytime I listen to I want Solo to sing verse with him while he raps it
This energy is hard af to find
gimme my 4th cup of kopi
I was just about to purchase off a girl on Depop, then I saw she had dirt under her fingernail
But she follows the page. the only reason why I followed it
I swear
Con churrasquito
You still going?
I hope I get pregnant sometime in January so I can have a baby around next pumpkin patch szn
I love love! Real, genuine, happy love!
I need the answers & q's ASAP this waiting is tormenting me inside & out.
I understand people need to vent sometimes but 1) why me, 2) I just wanna be left alone
I want junk food and cuddles
even gotta have the a/c on I love this weather
lampasas with my parents
I strive to be this good one day
Give me a 7-3 ANYDAY! them 2-10 be the DEATH OF ME!
This baby fever has got to go
Soo I find my car keys
made stage pap pics which arent even pap picsthey really tried
not
Yoooo she just ...
I want to go here for my birthday
So tired
We really take little things for granted god bless
Then let's just get back together... For our daughters sake!
had a day where I can js eat and binge watch movies all day today is the day baby
I need me some BTS x Ari too please!
See lonso I told you joe wants to hangout! We just need to find a day when our schedules work together
24 hour shift
Been so long since I had annual leave. Struggling
what i want
I want one so BAD
thank you queen
I have gas, chair or mat
I hope he treats her right . She deserves to be happy
Whenever my grandma talks about jazzing up a food dish, she says it and always like
I know
I predicted to beat the shit out them
I done spent so much money on food this weekend ridiculous
I need to finish my hair but freezing
empire doing too much now only like the music BUT HONEY Lemme tell you bout that Power
so well done
Omunye said we just had to laugh to get a six pack and the other uthi uRabbi wakhe
never getting this body am I?
this breaks my heart why are humans like this
I burnt tf outta my hand can't een type right
Need to hit Phipps .. too lazy to get dress
They are winning the silent war without even a fight. Sad but true
I knowwwww! Can't wait!
my throat hurt so bad
i really have a sc nomore
ready to move. new city/state, new ppl, new job, new everything
My head hurt so bad
When drunk a demon.. I know
Wearing my rose quartz bracelet today...I really need it
Those hairdressers that will pick every goddamn strand of your front hair!
Two of my friends have told me their pregnant today and just over here arguing with someone not even seeing
When I play music I wonder if my dog thinks singing to her awwww
craving anything and everything right now
I AM HAPPY TO ME
\
( (>
_/ \_
WHO TF IS IT THEN
This smoothie so good
I sent my dad to go get me a copy
I got licensed in November and I have to renew already time fucking flew
Why is chick-fil-a closed ?
Missing my wife at Pantheon.
i miss my cat
Wheeew feigning for it
My hair has grown sooooo much but I still find myself googling short cuts
Dammnnn bruh I got 3 fat ass blisters on my thigh coz I was driving to work and my coffee spilled this shit hurts so baadddddd fuk! Lol
Piercing in the Fall/Winter are annoying, like fuck do I really wanna pierce my nipples
If your man than why he texting me
After this soul food about to be knocked out
I've shot everything but these
Aleah is unstoppable when with Sarah
up for adoption tbh i straight will
forgot to wear a costume last night
Creepin
Same but at the same time not ready yet
Trouble last always ...
so crazy to me how all the men getting money and shit get accused of Raping people
At work all day when I really wanna be at the crib watching some football
SHUT UP WHY ARE YOU SO CUTE
I freaking love Degrassi it was such a great show
The question is ..do I have Kleinfeld money ? Nope
Ugh I bet , good luck hope it gets easier
I know God trying to tell me something but I just don't know what it is
finna be so fine tonight
I thought about getting rid of my car but why my shit has beat heat & ac and my miles are low just going to
been sober all month
You already know you a handful when your man tell you,
one of them when i just feel so stressed and fucked off i just duno what to do cba
He can't bc he doesn't own iPhone 6s anymore
I need another fur baby in my life
Victoria is wack
My Bitch - PnB Rock
Woke up this morning excited... then I realized Pittsburgh has a bye week
Omg is playing Christmas music ready but not ready
come thru girl u deserve rounds tonight
Lawddddd my team was throwing major hands last night
I want fried chicken and Mac and Cheese
wish i had the courage to do something like that enjoy baby girl
been treated so well by this man I cried a little
What about cauliflower cheese
dating a man
so upset Nan participate. been killed off both seasons I watched so far
why ion attend these parties anymore too much be going on.
My wrist hurt so bad
Omg ur you're so fine af and ur tattoos omg
my kids are so attached to eachother.
Who do you Think is Wrong Here??
Am playing a funny game of how much weight can I gain before finals.... even when I win - I lose
Shittt having second thoughts about leaving next year now
I want to go to universal studios
I would love
I hate feeling like im forgetting something but i dont know what
Lisa forgot her IG password.
I love being the one that gets fucked my the elevator!!!
About time we rolled out that cunting 3 little birds song
Cooked my man breakfast orey at church finna go back to sleep
Other QB is Darnold cousins been hooping for me tho
I miss my boyfriend the minute I leave him.
I need a heated blanket asap.
sitting at nicks shop wrapped in a blanket with the dog cause so cold
exhausted
Try again
Everything is a NO today I'm dyingggg
wait to be home honestly
I just wanna post the 109 pictures of the same view I keep taking. I want to share how this feels
I was looking toooo fine last night sad I even take one picture
I really need to just go out and be ratchet been a minute I need it outta my system
something must have possessed me into agreeing to extend my shift to 9 hours
I impressed at first but Quavo Huncho be sliding a few hits on there
already sleep & we even made it to the party
if it for I definitely going to red and black affair
Crabs sounds good
I aspire to be this talented
i can never sleep tf in
where are the people screaming about sasaengs now?
Idk how working rn
When my mom cooks, she makes sure
What is that supposed to mean??
I need help finding a car
Oh no
To windy out there
They are.
Sunday evenings sudden wave of anxiousness has hit me
huyy what a nightmare
On everything
I NEED TO SEE THE FULL PERFORMANCE
I need to go out more to wear them
wait tip i get my pictures
i crave azteca alllllll the time but in kop
My plan as of right now is to try to enroll back to school next summer or next fall & try to make up so much credit I can graduate in 2020
up with all of this trading going on you guys are really doing us like that really letting go of too
these braids are gonna take a week to get out
yogurt flavour ki lifetime supply needed asap
ROBERT DUCKY JR DEFINITELY MUTED ME ON INSTAGRAM NOW HE WILL MUTE ME HERE TOO
I wish summer could last all year Fav
Why Chris on yah dick
Colonoscopy prep underway.
Why you tell me I gone with you
gonna be a guy setting himself up for a curve on the replies
The Ross Gellar we deserved
passion for art tho ... he really suit the Parisian vibes in love
this is gonna sound weird but please bite me i don't want to be so tired all the time
This game already has me ready to go to bed... no need to sacrifice sleep before work for this mess.
who wanna go to the scream park thing w me
cant wait til i get my pictures
someone carve a pumpkin with me, I miss being a child
Wtf hold onto the ball
I understand why ig thots expose rappers
I wanna go
I been up that long, can chill
Where was you
Fuck I hope they give it to you! not right if you paid the money for it and then you get it
Cause this picture is one of my favorites and gonna miss her butt while gone for a week
My dogs are so loud when fighting/playing (idk) IM JUST TRYNA SLEEP
she is the cutest in the whole wide world
not being shady being truthful
I drafted him in the 2nd round dropped him 2 weeks ago tho
Gutted only just seen this! get there in time now
you really know how accurate this is
Dummy bitches be geeked , hoe I had that and can have that if I wanted. try again.
tolong ahhhhh i love my new job
Aww I want twin babies so bad
Trying to recover from last night
So so close to that third rep on 70kg incline
i just want a flat tummy
where can i get my own slater young pwede rin nick young hihi
It's almost colder than my heart out here
My feet always so damn cold
be doing with a first aid course tomorrow
SUCH A CUTIE MOM AND DAUGHTER MOMENT
I can not wait for this Sunday nap later
just like last night when Noke had the nerve to ask me if I was gon drink at the top of the hill cos it was my
I wanna go to brunch but still in bed so that
that sleep was much needed!!
bot 3 is thiking
Got Damn New England
Jealous
Sitting here in training thinking about all the football missing right now
Everyone please send positive vibes and some prayers my way today! Really trying to win some tickets to see
This cold is kicking my ass
You think dan Quinn regrets not signing Eric Reid when we had the chance? Because we need help in that position
time flying ..
I wana wait till Thursday to get my hair done
says you
VALID TOO RIN!!!!!!! when people actually write good straight couples so nice THEYRE VALID
What is life rn
so full i really need to nap..
These kids been up since 4 this morning I know they tired I can barely keep my eyes open
Man in the car with My Niece & Nephews they said Man put on NBA YOUNG BOY
eish man ..... just wanna gice a shout out to my amazing and beautiful girl just wanted to take a minute to appreciate her
hate country but song is a bop
Where have you been all of my life?
i dead ass got work tomorrow
Man everybody did ts in 5th grade except me my mom was still bumpin ts outta my ends
geeking to get home to do my Peter Thomas pumpkin face mask
Omg I made awful fantasy football choices this week
Imma have a gender reveal when i buy my puppy
I guess we will go with this one
taking this caption my next insta post lol
clearly not as beautiful as you
The disrespect
Really just needing prayers right now, life is hard.
cold
addicting
moni done cut all her hair off
Staying in bed all day today
Dear what do they all hate me. a jerk off why. Grow up and act like a man.
crying
I dont know what
You really gotta shoot your shot just to make friends in college . Like damn just be my mf friend already
This would be him
you ruined the song
I really did harm my liver yesterday
snap selfies
Liam!!!!
When are you going back to Brazil?
Because I really need to see you this time
please come to Sao Paulo
Ugh i wish
If only breakfast nook delivered biscuits and gravy
Rihanna tryna take all my coins
First Sunday off in ages love it
quality! Scatty af tho xx
Lord save me. not ready for next week. I work 44 hrs
I was sleep and you know my church way in niles
Im running on 3hrs of sleep , I hope this coffee keeps me up for this 16hr shift!
so tired
tired af and agreed to stay half the shift
I honestly wish that I have social anxiety so I could make new friends but I
High school musical should really be on Netflix
Ezras poor little knees are so fucked
hahaha i fucking bet! suntron is ALWAYS a mood! hella jealous i be there
I'm definitely NOT seeing it
I HAVE NO ENERGY
Where can I get a fire salad
Tell me about it, literally
The haunting of hill house is sooooooooooo good
Girl same to you fr I just believe how grown we getting time flying by fr
Another drop from@another perfect pass
THIS BABY ALL IN MY SIDE OMG
Sunday ja raha hai Sunday you will be missed
Lmbo guilty!!!
Sometimes I whip out the phone and do a quick google search
Boy, had too much caffeine today
Me too
I need to order a backup outfit because if my shirt come by Friday ima be pissed
a mess.. I miss my child
ughhhh hello it's toooooo long mane i been patiently waiting
Damnnnn a pro
I should be uptown tonight huh?
I Do Not Play A Out My Skin!! Idk If Cause A Makeup Junkie Or What! I Love Clean Healthy Flawless Skin
welcome bb
off
is the best hugger ever like i can still feel her warmth
I pay it back every 2 or 3 days . Then it's back to more airtime debt
have no ideal how in love I am with with my vehicle My hubby went above and beyond on this one
i need winter going out clothes
I Hate October I Hate Halloween
What did they do to her face.
Nvm fuck that. Cut!! And dead ass.! again
..this is just too much for me right now
Would love to lay in bed and watch Twilight all day.
Bumped into a middle school friend of mine at the school i work at, he has a 7 year old and a 4 year old
Like if only I had a shorty to kick it wit tho
NEED!!!!
Bruhhh I come back on twitter and see my video going up I appreciate that was real shit I wrote
Man what.
my man really got my back.
wish I could lick both yours and his feet while you were fucking would even eat his cum out of you
I miss crop top season
Its hella good and interesting
I Do Not Play A Bout My Skin!! Idk If Cause A Makeup Junkie Or What! I Love Clean Healthy Flawless Skin
i want a golden retriever so bad
not even been in Leeds for 48 hours and ready to leave, I miss my house
Awe thank you plz come over more often
This means so much to me
random kisses out the cut be the best
Man I miss nations
i cant it he sounds so heartbroken
I be right on google looking for conclusions cause just leave me hanging like that
Sunday I Need A Sunday Dinner Plate & Sunday Dinner Pussy
Lmao duke do cats!!
At this hour im still looking for food
Sis, what are you talking about Obviously his tweet directed towards you. But for
yep. and they did. and it hurt.
Like TODDLERS are Demonic Beings sent by Lucifer himself bro... Idc, Idc what nobody says...
I wish I could say the same
Really wish I could be there
this feeling
so mad i gotta work today I feel good
& i really took that for granted
I had a dream I was pregnant with a skinny dark skin nigga baby and he was cheating on me with his ex
Trying to pull it together for
I wait to graduate
Can y'all send those chunky mud-mashing sneakers back to wherever they came from?
Forgot there was a home game today
I want to fill in my arm tattoo
good to have money
I need a workout partner
I originally wanted to dress as but didnt let me
I wish was with you guys
I want to comprehend why is my work website down; I need to see my schedule
You better hope the nail fall off. Top 5 grossest things
So... when are you coming to Dallas I need this is my life.
Everything about babies is so cute their tiny nose and tiny hands and tiny everything.
I hate going out on Chick fil a is my go to hangover food and I fucking have it
Today at work some broad asked me when my baby was due brb hitting the gym till I collapse
not leaving home today. i need a me day
When arguments are so stuupidd
Im so crazy about hand-poked tattoos
made giving birth look so easy
Who told me I could be taking shots last night
I really hope that the case.
All day I dream about sexing youuuu
I still want tea from hot & cold cafe
will and jada are like the hottest celebrity couple, mentally and physically. hands down
Think Rey Order a Pizza So Hungry
So I let one of the kids from the church use my phone and forgot to lock my nudes up this baby had my phone right by her parents
I need coffee
Oh
This is so sweet
((I love her so much
Helping my mom with her 50th bday party has been so stressful. Lord
Wanna be this size again
I want to eat dollars too
wow. wish this could happen to me
Feet betta
Thank you so mucccchhhh trying hard to keep it together , I appreciate the support and kind words
and... and.. and.. who
Hoseok can have everything
i waisted so much money this week very disappointed
Guess today the worst day to have to miss a game
Sundays should come with a Pause Button
Photo Credit:
Oh man that breaks my heart
Thanks for filling me in!
realise I was up to the big crossover episode and Legends is episode FOUR so now trying to find the other episodes
Being a pain in the ass and then claiming racism fly anymore. That excuse is getting old and tired
I Lisette is the best girlfriend to have I been watching old videos and shit just makes me wanna cuff her
Anybody available to face model today? Provide your own lashes!
Reason 1,376 why I love wish you were here too
That brunch just gave me life it was much needed
dude ready to be off and go home and watch tv i got like 8 hours left in this bitch lmao
Right, been having hella hw lately & been killing me
Hate takin my son to the barbershop
I wait so sorry you gotta do this without him but we got you
Shit, just go
Eww,haba uncle chuchu
Grilled chicken pita with chili cheese fries
Just now rolling out of bed
What is my next look
hard to be friends with dudes, they always end up liking me like be my friennnnnnnd.
forget me when famous
Noooo; pls
He should fire blank.
I need to catchup with first
In mirrors and in my camera I look so good but right when I click it I do not look as good as I looked
They Really Just Let This Nigga Do That
wow, a blue crab and shrimp omelette or shrimp & grits this is too hard
Kenn you shoulda went with me yesterday
Gonna give you that real pork and not talking about bacon
She really used to dress so well
Please stop uploading cuteness like this way to young to have baby fever
Decided to unplait my hair now I'm sitting on my bed confused as to who is going to wash and condition it for me
couples be cute af like omg
I even drink a lot and I have a hangover
Getting my hair and back played with while sleeping is probably my fav thing btw
when tf did- i don't remember this
suncity is sooo good
That gym work out KILLED me
When everyone was calling this bitch a snitch & talking bad about her this bitch ran to me i accepted this broad bridges is BURNT
I think I'm going to cry
100% on the dustpan line!
But Fahrenheit is all I know.
not on a sunday, todays the day u think about how terrible it is til next weekend
Crackle Barrel sound good as hell right about now
LOVE the PCA Sensi Peel. Back when I had the discount to do them I need another
As people whistling now does for me since The Lady In White days. *Shivers*
I want a spooky basket
You questions are intrusive. Tone them down. Wow.
My name is Michelle and I go to FSU went to LSU this weekend met this guy name Trey he told me he was going
I'm so clingy today
I cried so much on this part I seriously wait to have my bebe
Okay i love RB events but the way they had rawhide set up last night was the worst
Yasss bae cashing out on that
We really gotta savour every last min we get when s8 comes out
The iPhone XS Max camera is sooo clear happy I upgraded now.
I haven't had a happy birthday in years, this year I refuse
yes
Took Amy T about 15 seconds to convince me after I told myself no more going out
I cried
hard to be friends with dudes, they always end up liking me/catch feelings like be my friennnnnnnd.
My man guys Ke happy man
I love it
Getting spaghetti and brownies
Mom is wild
This shit fucking with me so I know they going through it
Don't you love those days when you feel fat an ugly & every thing you put on is uncomfortable looks stupid. Me too. I wanna cry
Can you love me Naked
David
There's something about that one.
I'll name two.
Samson my guy! I would
thank you for blessing our feeds
I miss Deia my bitch
Crab Shack we
I know No one here
Taking applications to b my friend
craving a girlfriend so hmu if you live in Georgia and are 18+ years old
She needs something but I don't even think church would help her
That just hurt my feelings
Every time I convince myself to stay off social media I always come back
The type of energy trying to have
just a hole
Tuesday miss him annoying me x
Excuse me?? Farrah Moan does
Ha, but pie without gravy is - suffer in silence. x
Why does everything look so bummy lately
writers ever feel like you know your characters better than you know yourself
Still Have Love For Those Who Hurt Me Never Have Hate In My Heart
Ikr he look so good cryin
Our schedules dnt all match which sucks i wanna turn up with all of us ! Lit lit lit
Dunno why but all I wanna at the minute is scrap someone even walk to the shop without hoping someone
I have the worst hangover
dead boutta get out the bed for brownie brittle
I just want a Krispy Kreme burger from the fair
workin on it
I called you twice i didn't see it said connected lol I'm about to call back
im so tempted to buy an rj plushie jin is so cute im gonna blow
just ready to get back home
u bitches sick in the head for real, go get some help sis
So not ready to start the work week my body is tawd
That sweater tho whereeee
yess getting hella OT
I got $100 for somebody to beat this nigga ass he only carry a 22 with 3 bullets be a hard job so ian offering nothing more
I want some breakfast ... Miami needs that
You should see grandridge, Sneads, Alta, we all caught that east side at 140 mph
My brand new glasses are gone
I need to gtf up
No more Jamaican parties..I BARELY made it to work
Lawd I wait to be home
Anyone else freezing their titties off inside their own home or just me!?
Cooking ramen for tea, be as good as though when are you opening one in hull?!
My lockscreen
My battery
Too real
I would hate wash day even more than I do now
Awww I want a pup!
Never be quick to jump to conclusions . paying for my sins rn
wait till I go to rolling loud. (COME TO NYC)
when I say I just want to be laid up comfortable that is just what I mean
Proud of you bby! Wish you lived near me so you could teach me
Wtf imma get 4 jobs
just trying to get this portfolio done for uni but my brain want to cooperate
I don't want Britain Part 2...
but why a finger to the face... just pluck that nigga
I literally feel sick to my stomach and I wanna throw up this feeling is the worstttttt
, done with drinking now
All these tweets on my TL I do not stand a chance ima have to blacklist tweets with the words
Thandeka Played Herself Wen She Chose To Be Second Best
I wanna tell this guy at work shut the f**k up so bad
Does anyone else ever wear headphones out in public with no music just so people talk to you?
Happiest when surrounded by water. I wanna be on a boat somewhere with my friends toasting life
I want some Mac n cheese
As bad as I be wanting to be irresponsible I just
I hate to admit itbut he sure do
Imagine this bitch invited you to her thanksgiving lunch and you catch her whisking the gravy in her mouth
I missss my bestfriend so much
kinda excited for grad pics hope I get in front of the camera and start acting shy
Swear Tim is the only person who can handle my emotional meltdowns about life
Lol he pullout game weak
The sad part is I go onto my 4g because used all my data so no phone for me
I just want my booty rubbed, hair played with & consistent dick from the same man FOEVER
Plan on Netflix...an hour and 40 mins of my life never getting back ffs
he's so beautiful it's crazy omg stop whitewashing their pictures
He's actually amaze I'm soft
Rlly bummed not getting to participate in any Halloween activities this year
my pure happiness tho
He walked in to the wall
Woke up 15 Mins before I had to work..the lord has my back
You did that shit
Y'all don't be sick, y'all be recovering from plastic surgery Stop lying to us.
Disgustingggg traffic on the a14 tonight n all I want is my fat roast
I could die cause at the bar on Sunday
I hate folding clothes with a passion
The nightmare before Christmas was my favorite Christmas/Halloween animated movie when I was a child
Bro was on go
I need to find this moschino pull over before my birthday
This thunder ooc
Washed my windows. Cleaned house and dinner on. Foot please stop hurting
Same I got the back of a 60 year old
Yess
I seriously need to meet my favorite
yeah she was not the happier and whe know
So you telling me its gonna be cold for homecoming???
Sis you snapped red force outsold eco !!!
If my hair get like this bby you tell me none
Last night after the show. LUCKY J is sooo cute with her heartbeats. I just wanna hug her
Can we fight again stop capping
I had a dream I was parasailing in Miami
My body was not ready for Athens hills parking at Peden and walking up & down hills to get to east state killed my ankles
Tomorrow is most definitely a work from home day
I dying deep down in side. I need .... to arrange my guts
all them girls you got & cant nobody take ya car for an oil change? ya hoes not real bro bro
Damn home girl thiccer than a bowl of oatmeal
All i want for thanksgiving,Christmas, and every holiday is a full nights rest without any interruptions
I was thinking about this the whole week.
Is there anything worse than having to sit through an X Factor rerun?
I just think of anything worse right now than going back to Sheff when all cosy on my sofa at home
I despair Can you imagine if they were refereeing at our barn?? be no players left after 10 minutes of play
i just need a full body massage
Women grow hair in the weirdest places as if the cooter weird enough
why yo titties so perfect doe
Why the hell did I watch this alone and night time. Now I sleep and hella scared. watching The Haunting Of Hill House
See if you can spot the deliberate mistake!
Somebody go with me to the fair
I went to sleep early and woke up late and im still in a shitty mood. What givesssss
I been high too long
the way he grabbed her mood cute .
Craving some icecream
I need a therapist
my baby
I FELT THIS
the guys in here so hype over this game
Ughh. Just remembered I probably might be in Chicago this week
How is that even possible power through Loz
Especially when you high too
Nin is too powerful, reducing us to this
My only question is when we gone get together
Aint nothing like having yo own everything that you worked and hustled for yoself oml
Back to reality tomorrow
honestly never been so tired
My man defended me last night and I felt my pussy throb
My 4c hair broke my damn nail today. definitely time for a blowout
Please can I have that auntie Vi and Hollywood love
True statement dude.
Thank you girly girly!! I miss you too
Packing is the worst.
I just saw a tweet from 12hrs ago similar to what I just tweeted. Swear I see it first
I love sweats and leggings I hate pants
After all these years, NOW people are recognising him? matter. Better late than never
House moved all around now to clean the mess
All of you that promised me money recently, plis dears a good time up come through
Bro when i have a baby and I take them to get shots and they ears pierced going to cry my ass off
Me and you both and not just reach oo but able to give out
every nighttttt
You up & disappeared when I came back for picture timeeeeee. I wish we got oneeeee. you looked good though
I need to get all my pictures printed
I eat the avocado ranch shake up salad all the time, but this time half of the salad was missing no kale or anything
Tryna take pics for this video I recorded but lord knows I hate this part
I accidentally fucked up my sleeping schedule
Robbed today I swear ref was fully stood watching it! Last minute he fully bottled the decision
I hate those awkward conversations that last longer than supposed to rrrgh
Nigga I see that always out there at my grandmother house I be hoping you be at or come to your grandmother house
Why the kids trying to put toys everywhere in my clean house
ready! do it
so nice outside go take a walk outside and relax
I am so not ready for him to do this , ima be so mad .. - deez
Me currently waiting on the rest of my packages before our vacation.
All craving is custard, Lord help me
I want more candles from Bath and Body Works
LOOK AT THEM ! so gutted I make it man
I slept horribly last night due to this ponytail. Now my neck on some shit
I want wingstop today
when your bestfriend is in pain and you do anything about it please pray for
ughhhh i hate not knowing what to do
As soon as the tan starts to fade
whew chile the accuracy
i want some double milk chocolate milano cookies
LOOK AT THEM ! so gutted I make it man
$ShyliaFord
i wait to see my niggah
Been in deep conversation since 10:30 straight til now and literally exhausted
so tired and this traffic is killin me
Those shoes, that smile, that babe! Wowwwww
This weight tho
Stay brown!!!!! I want long hair but blonde just stunts growth no matter what
3 weeks is a lot no ways.
We're not even surprised they're on some satanic bs but like make a thread abt ur theory it kinda
10:00 hurry up
Pretty much out a stamp on my thought of certain ones using ftp name for views & clout
Same siss
nail shop Monday when i get out of class i need it
Mother brought Nai some damn adidas shoes she need no more shoes
Omg why will we do that
this was a bad night for sum of my friends there
Hmm the thing shock me Team light skin wanna be?
Well there goes me ever wanting to eat at other houses
I really love American Horror Story
BigHit/BTS is up to something and just trying really hard to not stay up overthinking every little thing they do
Wanted to actually go watch it live but family first
We got invited with another couple or is totally invite a group!
Went to bed stressed and had a stressful dream... I feel like I slept
Atleast you know the feeling of having packs
rl off the whole week definitely not bout to be in the house lol
Finally Done with yah
Claire always been fine
Up to now my paragraph int get acknowledged
DECEMBER 15 hurry tf up
I had a dream about some Gucci shoes I tried on in Bloomingdales yesterday
My loves and I are finally moving away from this place
Nah, Im good on Sis.
No I want the Shield to go away!
I finally get my child back today thank the lordt!
Told the pops I do this life anymore.
Waiting for him to change my situation.
Imagine if I got myself a size 10
Yooo I been this happy in a while
my body is crying for some sprite & menudo
I hate seeing my loved one hurt
I just finished moving back to Florida I wanted to but I
Better not be Charlie Puth all the fun will disappear
Looks like a tooth
Okay chen
I remember when ulisses did this to me
I miss Thailand I want to go back
God really keeps blessing me ... just wow his love
OMFG I GOT POISON IVY
I am fuccin freezing!!
tavia big ass wear a 10/12
I love the weather
This tweet just gave me crows feet and a whole ass head of greys
I was thinking about finding something down there too I just had last minute shit
Just wash and conditioned my hair, feels to sexy
so happy I moved to toledo not even gone flex
This week wore me out
Hate wen a goofy bitch call me for somebody else g my phone work i seen them call so why tf u calling mind yo business
this is so pretty
cant wait till im able to say this
Bitches really be pretending on these sites like shit peachy and really not giving
I need to do this more often
How? still right there pole sana
My exact thoughts when I stepped outside sis
Ever since the earthquake, my little sister is petrified of thunder because of the rumbling noise
Michael and I are always busy now always running around
Truth fucking slap.
I love when not being too lazy to cook, made potatoes with biscuits & gravy been craving it for weeks
Good Lord please no mental block
I was blocking my blessings with all the negative energy!
Don't do that to yourself, please.
Place is overcrowded.
fucking obsessed with my new tattoos
I need to go to Walmart fr
so talented, in awe
Bro why you so fine
Planning to but I'm still waiting for the next date release
Rondo & CP3 were 1 more notch on the internets belt. Undefeated
I need a hug
No fr followed my the best dick ever
been too distracted okay
Im gonna have that one day. Claiming it
I need my phone taken away from me when I drink.. LIKE A FKN CHILD
about to be my 4th shift and woken up to a raging vacuum after 3 hours of sleep. HELP
Me nah stop talk bout this sunlight
Anderson stop grinding his teeth and making me crazy
I been lit for the past month. I am done for.
It is if me
The video of with the squirrels gives me the worst anxiety!!! Ugh if you know me you know terrified of squirrels
an unbelievable feeling when I hear my kids call me dad still. Like I believe I am responsible for 2 beautiful souls
with her little Spanish accent & all
my heart.
Need some Wendy's in my life. Nuggets sandwiches fries milkshakes. The whole 9 yards
This seafooooood is bussing
I feel so nauseous about to make my homemade Beefaroni & get this homework done .
Chris Paul really got treating like a little bitch last night rondo spit in ya face & smacked you across yo head
Why is she always angry
The guy part is funny
Happy birthday PRETTY GIRL
what the duck are you up to? Stop playing with my mind
I wanna buy stuff from ootd but idk how good fit on me
Most exciting doctors appt of my entire pregnancy is tomorrow so nervous
you did not have to go IN like that
Lyrics that randomly pop in my head
I love working with blue
I WAS GONNA RESPOND WITH THAT AT FIRST BUT I COULDNT FIND IT i think i saw it in a compilation video but yes
I want Cheesecake Factory
I remember was 45$ they 85$ now
I once telling lies, the next day some of them know edy, i dont give a shit cuz wheres the truth wkwkwkwkw
lost weight and so happy
I mean I mind when I move closer but right now just to far for my likings
a must that i tell her EVERYTHING! It could be something so simple
Girl I know trying to get home but I am not prepared for the shit storm I am about to walk into.
HOW DARE HE LOOKING AND DANCING LIKE THAT WTH KIHYUN
someone stop this man
Don't do that to yourself, please.
App is overcrowded.
I am really craving some seafood
To loosely quote from about 5,575,832 years ago: baby is falling out of his
okay fuck it, i said it
On the phone with my brother
These LV boots are calling my name
It's perks won't work at these situations
Breaks my heart a little seeing with a wedding ring on
LOL if alive
Literally gained 20 lbs
Houston Oct 27 get here fast enough
Jinson & this song made everything so emotional/cute my heart sensitive
May as well be called Harry Potter & shoved under the stairs at this point
chinese is so freaking good
I need a mf neck massage
Berlin the only team to let me down, rubs salt into the wound that they had a 89th min penalty but then VAR overturned it
Michel hurt bad...
like I want one of these homes, but they look kid friendly and I want so many kids
Miss my dentist app hope opening tomar
This is the absolute cutest
Craving an bowl
...I've been suspecting myself since.
Big butts are my kryptonite
Admission
Am tired of staying the barrack wan enter campus flex small
ny hit me in my sleep last night and woke up & said u ok?, gimme a the sweetest
Damn like to know how your farts smell
I feel like haircuts should not take as long as they do like barely have hair!
i see no end to this urgh why am i so slow at writing shit
My house sound like a playcamp currently
WOW thank u for this 00/01 liner solidarity
I NEED to go sweater shopping
HOLY SHIT
Then u cant argue with her
Wait until dark at 4:30
Please come home and bring your coach with you
I got a nice bathing suit that I wanna wear
Two weeks till I get my hair done and have long beautiful hair again
Focus on your fave retiring
I would double tap the shit out of some of snapchats it be too much
These tacos are calling my name
be surprised if beat us tbh
I want brunchhhhh
So many ripe avos, too little time!
Trying not to tweet during this game but so hard
Fuuuuuck that was a nasty twist I hope it that bad for Michel
Someone is about to die and 0% prepared
these two
Punched my mans dead in the mouth for no reason lastnight and i think i broke my finger
*literally played splatoon yesterday*
me: i miss splatoon
Nfs nursing school is different. I never stressed over school so much
he looks so sophisticated
iMisChivas
Ring Rage Man Lol Understand Bout To Go DumB Dumb
Not Sonny
Super likeable
just tryna teach foundational skills to Jewish kids
Don't do that to yourself, please.
Unless you'd like to have a headache
nobody kno dis but always been my celebrity crush 4 L I F E soooo.... HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY HUSBAND
Missing Fall in Connecticut
Here I am trying to not even drink today, go to lunch and everyone around me drinking these beautiful martinis
got the best news today that had all month
nothing better than waking up smelling breakfast being made
My Back Hurt Soo Bad
Future is in my memories everyday whyyyy I met him yet???? my whole husband like fr
I wish there was beauty supply store delivery
vadianna just posted a new fic and i read till i get home later
Who wants to go to the movies? I got like 3 movies I wanna see
I want chipotle and cookies from subway
Another level damn
Confused as hell
I wanna see the ghost
Somebody get me fishers
Our grandchildren should all grow up seeing this pic framed in our homes
really my neck feel like I pulled so many muscles
Me I'm sha looking for the one that'll take very good care of me
She really got it
Nah Sony hurt?
I've normally started shopping by now! The stress!
no double decadence on your menu anymore? is it one of them secret things though you can order still?
Please be in bham like an hour before cus that means I could try and see you before school
Idk but i wanna dress up friend lmao where we going also, tap in for details for today
are my lazy days
Roquan and Sony playing against each other
still feeling sick on the stomach
Why is my knee hurting
Time 4 another new phone fucked up mine sleeping
men really out here like this fuckkkkk lmao
headache on 1000
What happened to Sony? someone tell me
Mannnnnnnnnn I wanna go to Winter Fest . That shit finna be so lit
I hate when my birthday ends
mood why is he using it
But I get fucked up im just sick and idk how
I swear banks only be doing 10 week internships
Lol mine has shoes, shoes, shoes
Uni, netball, work, the gym, friends, nights out, studying - I am wiped out
How do people get their knee caps tattooed?
my brother picked the worst BM stoopid ass bitch
ever thought made eye contact with someone? You knew it for sure but they deny it
I don't even look the same in my pictures... Been told it could be angles but I don't know
Tia And Maddy made me cry... wow I love them
Lmao bro little aaf i wish i can fit a damm large shit
remember this? I just know who said it
I need a vacation
so right just so frustrating when you do everything to avoid it & it work
slept in like this in years lol a nigga getting old
Just the money tbvh
Wish I was at home watching this game instead of listening to it in the car.
Right
God Where My Man At
My hand is bruised
Why we ever have nice things
Student apartments it chief. ready to be grown grown
I need to get up
anyone wanna bring me lotus to work ?
This is exactly why I do parties literally stuck in bed
There goes the nail too
Like really who made the rule? Work five days and just have two days as weekend? How is that fair?
Still way cheaper than a one way ticket to London from the east midlands
Wanting to have sex with him while he talking to you crazy <<< This is why I'm not respected
I've def gotta move down to Texas
Teach me how sis!!
Swearrrrrr
I really been feeling nothing
Asf I want some rotel
girl same
Lmaooo cause she So little Neish , Monica Little af she 14months & Still wear a size 2c
My first day i gained 2 followers
Lol no jare I was just joking, forget ke, after all what the school made me go through
I need a time machine to take me back to last night ffs gig night
im about to do my whole ass makeup to go to church and eat, just go come back home take it all off and go to my game
ugh, so close to being legendary. only three out of the four block me
Yassss!!! And congrats em! your ring is beautiful
Still debating if I actually wanna dress up for Halloween
rl going thu it
Time goes by so quick on my days off
Loll i gotta eat something first at least
queen really did that song and video . i cannot wait to have a kid .
all my Winthrop folks... where can I can I get some quality fried chicken? Help ya girl out
soooo done with us
a fckn cess pool
I want to drive a manual car so bad
Stan is a strong word but i like her a lot
Mr what are you saying?
2 more episodes left of making a murderer season two.... I want it to be over so good
Eyes just stop watering
world-class procrastinator
your mcm has an xbox one and is crying bc he ran out of AA batteries for his controller...he really tryna play fortnite
They need that space for a LB not another RB
my phone is going in dnd for the rest of the day
SPEAK ON IT
Literally so obsessed with and her album go check her out, if you already
He pulled me away from her and got mad at me
still a strong maybe
How did I find myself in this Kaduna
I just want to shop & get a pretzel
Something has a hold on me and I like it
The browns trash asf
What should I cook for dinner? I need some suggestions
Need a nap b4 this game come on
Este Community Day me viene re bien porque seen 5, caught 5
I wanna get so drunk at HHN that think everything is funny, hopefully be laughing through it instead of crying
Rondo really did spit on him wild. Def did it mad slick like he used to it
and you was fine too
so quiet in my car. just sitting out here
How these niggas gonna give you some good ass dick and just leave?
Like BABYBOY I WAS JUST GETTING STARTED
Imma Miss The Game
Lmaoo hella blew it
Que sdds da
gon take me to shrine
she purposely asked me to come over tonight so she can check
I just want to be there for this it looks SO fun
I CANT STAND A BITCH W/ ASS TATTOOS. TONY THE TIGER BOOTY ASS JUNGLE BOOK BOOTY ASS.
So adorable
I always have a weird feeling when I know I should call off work and then I get to work and like damn I should of done it
never been a pick me bitch but girllll pickkk meeeee these are dope assffff
I stop kissing Nolan
I want some good food
About to go get baby. I miss him
Now I want a coke from the vending machine at work to go with it but I have any singles and my not home to give me a dollar
lowkey wish they had juicy crab here or crackin
wait to get fine again. been looking like nobody loves me lately.
The weather here can cook rice
all I want is clear Skin
Lmfao i hate you
gotta wash, cook, and clean when i get back home
wow i love them
My stomach hurts soo bad
Lol naw you gotta do it now and I just had a feeling crazy
Sissssssssss, you is kind of old you cute though!
Really ? my favorite one
After seeing actual cute guys last night moving to Phoenix
Chick-fil-A waffle fries would be sooo good rn
I think I want today
but why did my 16.50hr shift turn into 21hrs . just getting home .
Sony Michel suffering a horrible looking injury. RIP several of my fantasy teams
I need this fantasy football win this weekend I go 2-5
Could really go a pint the night but stuck in Aberdeen with no cunt keen
Surrounded by germs !
Guess ill fall sick soon
shooters shoot
Wow the Milan derby even on TV
always the only black person in my fav bar ESPECIALLY on football Sunday.
These Haitians really be tryna marry you off
more of a kickback type of person parties be too crowded
literally tired every day
so anxious to see my Logo
I miss my besties
That's my best friend y'all
With coconut almond milk
Im really jealous
Is this shift ever going to end?
OLS 1,2,3 & 4 RT if I never listened to your music but love your podcasts what should I start with?
Try being a Newcastle fan
Michel hurt badly. There goes my season.
DAMMMM... THEY GOT MY GUY RONDO... THAT CAMERA ZOOMED ALL THE WAY IN
Talking to Dame Aubrey and Aryn makes me miss Greensboro even more especially when all three of them
tiny
I wanna watch again
I know right
Me: *walks in managers office* hey! I think I lost my clock-in card last night. I need a new one..
I hate when I leave my chapstick home lips at work dry as a bone and I took it out the house left it in the car
so mad I go turn up for me babe
Me trying to walk a straight while drunk
I be fuck up
i need a whole body/foot massage
Working for myself was the best thing i could have done i set my own hours yea sometimes a hit or miss
been In the lib since 11 and done nothing but watch Stroll videos. Everyone did so good I stop watching
Came back today and the music is STILL fire. Omg such a gem.
Fck prayers for Sony Michael
I have too much to do this upcoming week
Mood
Why is Home Alone on TV in October
I need a computer
Just got up
Pot roast Mac and cheese sweet potatoes and greens sounds amazing but i wanna cook lol
Why so personal
says the squishier one. the name's stella, it's awesome to meet you!
This Game Week.
watch this not happen
My birthday month has seriously been the best
I was cute last night
dark skin but asking for too much i guess
he needa clean my car out next weekend
[Goblin OST Rom-Eng] Ailee - I'll Go To You Like The First Snow (Kim Shi... via
I have a headache from hell
I've been eaten by this series whole not that I'm complaining
I was just thinking that
This Al Jazeera or whatever their name is... Don't be another Al Wadha please
past over due for me to see Dominique I know I just seen you in August but still
Me too girl Me too
The caucasity
Imy sm
Last night was so fun and I get to take enough pics of my costume
Yessss I love that one! The peppermint marshmallow one is my fav but idk if bring it back
New wardrobe for me and jaide
My grandma's stories way too long
Just want to go to a pumpkin farm and pick some pumpkins really
what tweet
Dear ,
music is like a lays chip . I can never just eat one playin one song turns into a whole playlist
Me: *walks in managers office* hey! I think I lost my clock-in card last night. I need a new one..
I love it. Prayers for a prosperous relationship!
please ?
Just tryna get food and old people everywhere just in the way
Reading so much my eyes hurt
Just know not taking the fish off the hook
Or remove my uterus and keep till I'm ready to born pikin then put it back in. I'm tired
Hdjdhshs true but honestly this seems very targeted??
Ooof Sony
oh please!
It definitely was Had to throw the whole damn thing away
Tru
gays im at work and im so bored
Wilson just walked past my section into the locker room. I could throw up
I acc miss high school sm, college is the worsttt
That's when you was skinny and fine.
I cannot do this cold shit man a big ass baby & idec
My mom is always bringing us food when I work with him . I miss my mom
I wanna go to the movies and see Twilight I just felt young as shit saying that but that shit was everything to me when it came out
And Frosted Flakes
Mineee tooo
damn! I guess I waited to buy my ticket this is so awesome tho!!!
Do I want pizza hut, sonic or taco bell
i think anyone would dare by now though, baby.
How does it feel getting checks while Chris hate on you winning!
gorgeous
it takes a lot of strength to let go
Wants Friday to hurry up !
Joss sitting here minding my own business, why can I hear
shaku on the beat in my head
I miss the shit out of Amsterdam
I wait to get home and into my bed
I just wanna be with my man like wtf
I wants puppy
My feelings really be hurt g oh d
Girl don't play on my conscience . I ain't in the mood for any company. Lol
I keep having to remind myself only 23
Went to the planetarium after Gold Reef City, same day. I was so exhausted dozed off a few times, waking up cos
every time I eat I feel like shit
high and hungry
Need to find a fit for Friday
What to do with my hair
Umm so who trying to be up for ?
I need my nails done and some new clothes
AWW MAN Sony Michel LEAVES wit an ankle INJURY it did NOT look good at all
I can relate. Travelling is awesome but the cost sucks
What a vile human being he is good grief
I gotta make moves. Someone drag me out this bed
Body goals for real MEN onlyyyy
When anything catches on to your nipple rings I swear to God that pain is like a punch in the chest
Trish omg why man I was proud of that one
stuff like this makes me wanna block all of bnha twt
The teen awards awards are on omg this takes me back
This New England game is really pissing me off!
I want to cook but too cold to go to the market
I get very rattled when online
No lip liner with my lipstick
I really want a dog so I can always have company
I miss my son and he only been gone a day.
Think somebody is tryna hack my IG page
Very late reply but not yet! Life sucks and keeps getting in the way of me being up-to-date with things
That's what I need today
Okay time to shop for my birthday
Rell take forever to tell a story
in need of some retail therapy
not alone remember why talk of alert for the life of me
I feel so accomplished on wash day when I do my hair cuz I promise so much work but I love when I get I done!
i swear popeyes just blessed me
I went and checked yesterday as well in case I missed one
in so much pain
I know but you gon find a way to ft her tho watch
Maybe! Hope so anyway
My grandparents r so cute omg
How tryna be oomf
never leave my house
I Hate Cold Weather My Air Won't Be Coming On None Today
Ugh I love u
I feel like in Pittsburgh cold AF
I hate that I get SOOOO nervous when I see him, not even suppose to but the stare fuckkkkk yesterday hit different
I want a Pandora Reflexion bracelet Rose Gold to be exact
Mr 2kay!
Meanwhile,what should I call this YemiAlade and Alex's romance?I have to be loyal to Tiwa though
Chase trying me today
gotta wait for him to get his film developed
so glad little mix are finally getting the recognition they deserve in the US bc tired of people asking me
is such a good fucking show
Wow I really want chips and salsa
Bruh what is lifffffe this CANNOT be real
i need to get to night owllll !!!! them cookies >>>
ready to EAT! I want sweet potatoes so badly
so ugly
Taking/applying 5 diff medications before bed is such a pain. Two more weeks of this
I just know I was wearing a jogging suit today. TaLesha making me put on clothes chile.
My dad will let his phone alarm ring and ring without getting up to turn it off like....! I CANNOT.
Odell is in ATL the next couple days, & i need help finding him
Stop the violence in the north. Jos, kaduna etc
I just want Waffle House
why !?
had a dream it was monday and i overslept so i only had 20 minutes left to take my online art test what is this school doing to me
cloudy af
Bro you serious I have him as my flex
Do I really need to get up for work can I just stay in bed
My life would be complete
Always feeling some type of way when out of commission
Im interested
not ready for 9am Football
Why it so hard to find a decent 1bd for me and wifey we both mad picky
i would love to elle
well, still sleepy. idk what to do.
Tramadol sounds strong af.
I miss too
Just killed some barboca and bean and cheese tacos and I just wanna go back to bed
My baby has gotten so big
What the point of an date if we both gone be on our phones the whole time
ahhh tysm
gimme that jackson x gucci already
My back is killing me rn
so pretty i
be so shook
Israel wey don dey fight war before Jesus came, abeg you people should be guided
sitting my ass down after D.C. until the new year lmao
my struggle
Somebody please tell me Burna is having a concert this December
holy crap thats a good point
i knew i shouldve changed it to baddy
Always feel so depressed at this time on a sunday
know I was such a bad texter until I saw how many people I never replied back to omg
Idk wrong with me but my whole body is shaking and I feel really weak
I want some (2) fine guy friends that know how to dress and are trustworthy
Truly I need to recover a week from that
Me too sis
Wish it was a cold fall day
About to bake me some catfish and fry my man some
internally crying because I think I got finessed
Fucccck me too
Finally watching all eyes on me
I want a relationship w my mom like rorie and her mom have off of Gilmore girls
And some people have sang 25 songs with Davido and none reach her songs
I done put the weed down now dealing with these headaches
Yoh Jesus please be with vettel I just want a win man.
yo assistant know you at work on yo day off ?
me too but so happy you're having fun you look bad as fuck
I just wanna go shopping and get my nails done
This October been that spooky
I wanna cut my hair, I want weave, and I want braids the struggle of being a girl
this my type of weather not to hot or cold .
ugh wait til tee comes home
I knew I called out
good! I was horrified to find out even older than Sean Bean!
I care at all what done before, all I really want is to be your boyfriend
Damn bae you was fine asf in yo avi
Looks like still Vitamin D and Vitamin B deficient
ready to fight too bitch, I will cry with yoongi I have a fragile heart
I washed my face like 3 times and this glitter not coming off
Sitting outside in this beautiful weather to do my homework but I have writers block
This is why I go to house parties.
How could he be that good looking he must care for our hearts this is not acceptable Park Jimin!
Ready to get back and take a nap
stuck between a rock and a hard place
not how much longer I can here another 5 weeks!!! Pray for me Shannon
They looked soo good
Melo dropped his ass stop playing
I still haven't bought it yet
Kyle took me to Berry Farm, and then surprised me with fast pass tickets to Disneyland I love this man
Apparently Pull You Away (feat. Annie Griffiths) was played on but I missed it! Cheers
Jin don't do this to me
I just want to be happy
refreshing 500 slides in a day
Ogbah 1st sack in 9yrs smh along with illegal contact in the secondary Browns catch a break
Trying to find a cracking PGCE course with additional health qualifications is an absolute pain in the ass!!!!!!!
I need to stop going out on saturdays bc I feel it in my games
2018 is trash
Lord if you could send me just half of a breadstick & a piece of salad from Olive Garden be forever grateful
How did they know I have a bunch of orange beets in my fridge right now?
you need to come out so we can hit SB
I got all the fine friends miss you Cedesss, you so bad make a nigga
it got hacked like 2 weeks ago
Eat my pussyRoll my blunt and tell me pretty
imagine being so intoxicated that u forget who alex turner is. that was me.
This man so fine
Awume mfethu Kanti why you like peace?
BroOo going to work with cramps is the worst
My favorite korean actor of all time
Chris always exciting to find mutuals that enjoy music like I do! Your threads are
Omg where was this shit at CitiField?!? I would have worn a dented A in my forehead like a damn scarlet letter!
clearly doing something wrong.
That happened to the night shift people on our floor too! I stayed till 12 and had to be up here again 6.
Me too cousinnn
When the person changes the password for the Hulu been using
Her brows are extremely big
Ahhh almost
I cried when Pain killed Jiraiya
Wow hating
The replies
I want some good Ole fried chicken
Why do women write Tell All Books like be embarrassed???
luv her music !!!! wait
Getting to b unwatchable
i listen to everything you tell me. how are you still questioning this? wallahi, alhamdulillah for you.
Awww moomoo she love her sister
I have 2 months left before my friend's wedding. Which means 2 months left to lose 3-4kg seems doable but I've
I knew it would happen eventually
Between the poor MTA service and dog shit on the sidewalks, I no more
Vegas got my body sore AF
not sure how much longer to can here another 5 weeks!!! Pray for me Shannon!!!
I watch every single one
I just see how people be 40+ STILL living at home
Rabbi I have seen what you have done for others please do for me also.
Well that makes sense, I was about to snap
Looks like I need to work on that negative attitude Coach, before we start playing games.
maybe we should suggest a bad moms club to oxygen
Oh is that her nickname? let me catch up
Scared of watching the haunting of hill house. I need to hug my pillow
I miss zae wish he hurry up and come back
Why is it so hard for me to get up!
I hate going to the gas station and putting gas, EVERY time I go , I get harassed. It never fails
THIS
Really ready to just buy a new one
had fun with my baby lastnight
I feel this.
Jehovah withness is at my door again. Bruh they wont leave
I wish I had a fat ass. or a little booty on me or something
If you rub my scalp going to sleep ASAP
These nails come off
I know not even fair like
President of what country?
I can relate to this
WAIT WHAT I watch season 6 yet play w me like this hahaha
Really not looking forward to going work tomorrow after week! Hate to think what going back to!
driving the coast today the trees changing, lighthouses and the ocean... what a view
the luckiest girl for having you in my life Love you
her smile at the end ugh I just want to squish her
im still waiting for mine
ready for today to be over
i forgot you were doing the award show too doing so much IM EXCITED
so glad we got this bye week
I've legit overfed myself today .
i want a bomb ass homemade sandwich... colby jack, sliced turkey or chicken potato bread, LT
ready to make this wig
Literally one of my top places to go
Omg where was this shit at CitiField?!? I would have worn a dented A in my forehead like a damn scarlet letter!
why u do me like that
Mmm new reader here ploughed on through the psalm my cantor had prepared
My Stinka Is Really One Month Today One Month Really Went By Fast Af
- I want some pussy .
There's no greater pain!
I just thank God there's a nail shop open on Sundays. Going in for a nail removal AND
I been eating good this weekend I'm trying to figure out why I ain't smoked a blunt yet
Oh damn I forgot Stephanie Edwards
I thought the same thing until I seen the new Halloween. he was a whole bully in this one
It was me
I want Popeyes
Man who trynna sale me they car ? I got a couple thou on it right now
believe my vacay is almost over, back to work on Tuesday
My mom throwing down in the kitchen wait til the food is done
I haaaaaaave to go to Louisiana because where my man at
I Be At Work All My Fckin Life Moe
Bellerin, Lacazette & Maddison I look up to you
I need to be sleep now
Bears always hurting someone first Aaron Rodgers n now Sony Michel
Can we keep this same energy
smaccer got my feet sweating like fucc
So we going act like was not the shit like coming there has to be a part two dont end it like that
This weather got my skin FUCKED up
I really miss Chandler Jones
I should of never got that fucking flu shot
I got offered 3 jobs in the past 2 weeks butttttt happy where at I miss my man already though :(
be your girlfriend
i hate going into town by myself. a creepy old man just sat there and stared at me and smiled. just trying to get gas
Never knew my wishes would come true.
so bored and want someone to hang out with
Of course I start dion Lewis and he gives me double digits
the fact that Siyah really spent the night at the birthday party last night ...
This boy slept in his costume bc he refuses to take it off he really thinks Spider-Man
Really not looking to work tomorrow after week off! Hate to think what going back to!
I feel like I did good on my interview she said call me if I got the job hopefully I do get it, if not ima cry
Why would he ever stand over me while im sleep so now I think he recorded my ass sleep & shit
Every time i hear "see you again" i think about my brother
I wait
Feel quite sick from all these nerves
think she rather have an aspirin than a
Oh hey how
Aww we should start doing this
my bed is calling my name
I was just thinking of making this boi
Ah I didn't know you kept a spot o . Lmao he doesn't even know yet
I saw the finest guy today but of course he had a bitch already
Yes! experienced this firsthand
God brought me through a TOUGH lesson & for this forever be grateful
I just want more updates
No hate on LT2 just so outdated it feels. More colours and textures would be great.
For my first homecoming this was truly a blast & I LOVEDDDD every minute of it
I wanna party with Nicki
This is so cute
I been bought this nasal spray
Got my favourite swimmer packed and at the hotel having I pint early fight tomorrow
packing is exhausting every time we move, I consider just buying all new stuff bc I hate packing that
They get worse as you get older
Facts thank you so much I appreciate it
I belong to you give all my love to you
anemic asf and ice is all I be wanting
i find my ipad i really want another one so maybe this a sign lol
London Savoy x Same Language
That security guard got trucked
plus test will be our testimony, and this mess is our
These bitches need help
LMAO! Lets not get it twisted. You dragged me...For Filth!
all behind us now. starting a new.
and out go the 0-3 months clothes.. ugh stop growing
I wanna go to uncle John cider mill
The update should have come a year ago to salvage prices Early should see a boost in prices
My skin is breaking out
I feel like my hearts right at my lungs or some shit cause my chest hurting
This post church gig canes just SMACKED
I said I was done witn FashionNova but I just made a big ass order. They had too much cute shit for work
Hoseok can have everything
When tryna stay straight but satane keeps offering chocolate
I feel like that 24/7
ever since my gf started working been bored
Seriously want breakfast
Not enough time spent with my boyfriend this weekend
Damn that security lady just got blown up..
Yassssss
Tell me whhhhyy
I am confused as to why I get quoted here
Literally love seeing my friends live out their lives!
idk how I got that many
I've not seen my bestfriend in over 2 weeks.. It feels so much longer than that Ughh, distance sucks
Shet
I like pie crust, lmao just not crazy about hot/warm desserts unless cookies
My brother throws a fit when I tell him Eduardo is at work
Ini because your network is good now not here word
I miss dabbing my sister up
Feels so good to be in my bed
Exhausted
girls need love, cpr, smartwater 3-peat
Nigga put a bet in for me, just watching money walk away that I could have won.
Lol right ! Like turn back around & try again
Like who do you know brings a spare case Incase something happens to my first one
Baked mac, asparagus, henny glazed shrimp, crab cakes and fried colossal shrimp dinner gonna be allat
Stills, Wilson and a security attendant hurt
Omg it smells like tacos de birria on the southside
Dimples are so sexy
Dear God above! I truly despair x
Yes imy too omg
Gotta smoke a blunt when I return
When you start LeSean McCoy and Sony Michel in both your leagues
Chilly weather calling for bundlessss yes
this weather is amazing, we might just get a fall.
I think i lost my stizzy or misplaced/put it away while i was high and forgot. I just got it too
my mum has the heating so high, I feel like melting
Tvd finale ruined the show for me
plus test will be our testimony, and this mess will be our
Man I love hearing Scottish talk. A couple of Scots got on the tube next to me, was great hearing them talk
Literally disgusted by this, Reasons why I'm very hesitant of eating food people I don't know have cooked
And Rome
My future patients will think Sid
Me at a range
just scared of not feeling my legs fuck around have a panic attack while in labor why I say no to the epidural
Troi is really my homegirl man i love her ft calls with the details I believe i missed homecoming last night
rewatching cause so good
Now Sony is hurt all my RB are injured
Ima be broke fuckn with these Gap sales I just was in there Friday
Ugh I want chips and nuggets
My cats been gone since Friday night and I actually feel sad come back hun
i look soooo chunky in the pictures i took last night
who wants to go eat w me? yo boy is starving
i understand why Jennie is getting so much hate she deserve any of it, it breaks my heart to see.
uGh what a man
Idk how gonna top my NYE look from last year It was
I want Spanish food
Publix Chicken Salad is sooo good
Phone Dryy
I'm soooo mad I missed it
This month is going by so fast
Im still in awe
I love you the person who deals with my minor panic attacks at least once a day lmfao
But seriously. Why is this cold kicking my ass? so achey
Po Jan that lady see it coming Dolphins with the TD tho!!!
Feel it going thru your whole body
what I have been doing all day..
Idk if going to be a cold sore or not because I have shingles already and a cold sore in the corner but throbbing
My hair is not it and tryna make it it
all so good man
been off and on sleeping feels so good to catch up on my rest.
alright no need to be this beautiful on my tl thank yoU
Uncle? I think it was her brother. Yeah it was awful
Are you listening Montana
I told cobie I was gone get up clean up front to bck today I look like I need to be up
Jokic or the fact that my Celtics look like shit and almost lost to the Knicks.
she made me food to take back to pv oh fuck homecoming week starting off good
I want to go see Ozuna in concert sooo badly.
Depressive Sunday
White man like look at them niggers destroying themselves gotta stop
You look gorgeous. Come through blinds lol
The album comes out at 2AM for me and already know do anything for Monsta X even if I got school
Ok, Kevin & Eniko have a really cute baby
I know ! And our last year
I miss Kinley & Lindsay. We were all going through it 2 years ago at the same exact time and we were so close
Lmaooo but why that term tho. It even sound right
I have grading to do and meals to prep, but the only thing I want to be doing is
Yup. I even hide from people I know in real life
This is like asking who my favourite child is
Missing my son
The next generation not ready for them to grow up
Still believe i crack my screen last night
gonna you because no and you have to believe me very pretty
this.. wow lost for words this so real
I was just wondering why i seen twitches on Disney & look here it is.. coming on
damn having so much food next week!!
Almost INT
Why they show women like me
Last night daddy put it down
But it's not Zedd Arianna or Daddy Yankee I think it might be Pharrell
This vacation was much needed. so greatful for all these reunions
The height difference
gotta be stopped
But where nigga i done Sunday funday in forever! I just got back from Atlanta
Lmao I prob even nap cause I never do...but lord knows I need it
dreaming of five guys cheeseburgers
he sounds so peaceful
i think im about too come on my cycle my back starting to hurt and im
Exactly
This accounting shit is a breeze but my other class whew chile.
Why does this all have to be so complicated
Ian The Type To Talk About People Kids But Gotta Stop Lien Like They Cute Cuz They Be Lookin like A Burnt Sausage Patty
We missing my big man and my angel child tho..
Not Brother Nature man....
at this point exhausted
Dang it! I really want to go back onto twitter to commiserate with other fans but HERE I AM
I wish it was a Taco Mac down here
Ehh not today
so good
I need to find a costume
getting Disney passes in January and I think about it everyday like I cannot wait
I eat more and I eat faster
going to make Saturday and Sunday my rest days, I need to stop trying to workout everyday
shit, he did spit on em
I need some cold ass water right now
Mark my words next summer going to Croatia for yacht week
These injuries are killing us
Oms! just so many options !
Ctfu so serious, you right all these bitchs do is lie
AWWEE
" You stole my heart but I 'll let you keep it "
Video Credit :
Lmao my last time going out for a MINUTE
tink_tinkk - You ever made the perfect video and it save so you just record anything
colddd freezing my fan not even on
why do I insist on eating dairy mac n cheese when I know my dumb ass is lactose intolerant
What terrible decisions have led me to being on 95 toward DC on a Sunday.
I have to work Sunday or I would
Waiting for november
hope my hair comes tomorrow
You pretty af
I would've passed out
ready for thanksgiving
omg ive been craving olive garden for a min
Black women is perfection
6 episodes of five gold rings just enough!
I really want to attend this
Just leave him and come to be hun
I hate closed toe heels with a passion, with the exception of thigh highs Idk why like this.
Lord be a fence
Same here
Why the fuck did my mum decide to feed the kitten cat nip going fucking loopy
nO you can't and won't die.
so behind on shows and animes supposed to finish watching and start watching
Feeling this on a spiritual level weight loss = no more booty
literally a queen
Ugh Yesterday My Friends & I All Looked Good Matching Costumes Together & We Even Get 1 Full Group Pic
official PV homecoming 10/27 up
abt this time everyday plagued with the question.........wtf am i going to make for dinner
especially when you wake up next to it
no sex that make you take a nap in the middle of the day
ryan destiny, summer walker, & symphani soto>>>>>>
im so hungry yall jimin need some of that cake he got goin on
heart wrecker
i want apple cider donuts
Bitch ready
Damn nice comeback I even think of that lol
And now that part of Sunday I hate
Plzz i love him sm
What a week! Exhausted
This girl planning the Halloween fashion show is really making me miss Mauritius
I love food
Omg it SO is. No one here is down for chick fil a, cold stone & chisme, last minute
Brunch and Day parties might just be my wave, anything after 9p I have the energy for
I need this stupid retrograde to pass already
real shit vro
Why are all the sexy thick niggas soooo far away?!
too much to deal with
I am studying
i listen too but youngboy really raw they both good but youngboy better
Yeah but why is it turning on and connecting when turned it off entirely
How do I complete my studying this night now?
That's my baby right there
Me when I wake up from a bomb ass nap
Hope not
This pinky really suffers
I wanna put on my Ripped jeans but I find my Tights
Nicole came back
My Twitter ass again
Sabah
13 mins sat at Perth station whyyyyy
That was some good sleep
You bout dumb as hell
I really wanna lose weight before next summer but fuckkkkkkk cheesy tots are back.
officially PV homecoming 10/27 up
Dropped a tin of food on my toe when I got home too that was fabulous
I wish would wake up
My wisdom tooth is killing me I need it out neoowwww
The truth hurts
*Whisper in the ear* IS MY PUSSY YOU AINT GOING
omg ALMOSTT been too longgg xx
Fu Knew He Was Suppose To Pay To Get My Teeth Done . MOTHA FUCKA Just Like A Nigha Always Leave When They Say They Go Do Somp
Watching flash cause I miss my mans
Whew my mama & my grandma sent me back with food ribs & all
I think this lady did my ponytail to tight I even think straight
goddam what a mood and preparing myself for attacks
such a MOOD
Evo turns 6 in November and not ready
I wish my puffs would look like this
But it is!
Nursing school is gonna kick my ass . I can already tell
At work dead irritated. And for what? Man
Key Glock so fuckin cute.
Sexy selfie? ah, Its impossible
Played Duke Johnson over Marlon Mack in my office league
my favorite human miss you!
What's going on again
danny and tyler linked up ......alright im upset .....I should be there
Oh GODDDDDD why do they always do this when i am out
How to breatheeeee??? This gonna be a boppp
I need an exploring buddy
*Me putting on make up *
I feel so cakey
: ...like you want to eat cake?
WHEN BAD BUNNY STARTED TALKING ABOUT HEARTBREAK AND THEN PERFORMED AMORFODA, I FELT THAT
goddamn what a mood and preparing myself for attacks
I so miss you tho
How tf ima try watching what I eat and thanksgiving is around the corner ima be cheating my ass off
someone please tell me to sleep before midnight
I feel like Asos not working on my phone is a sign that I buy in my basket
I got dragged on all three, nearly cried! Never again
I still got my crab cakes
This movie The Lovely Bones is so emotional for me to watch I even get passed the part where he
bouta crush this hibachi
I wanna see herb in DC Thursday
a bitch do to get some flowers ?!
i miss my boyfriend
Girl what- Sundays are the worst because it's close go Monday
sorry always mean mugging in my pics now lmao I know how to do the soft smile
this weekend has been so boring
I need this typa energy
i'm jealous you got to meet them they're so cute
My 23rd birthday is a month from today and I have no plans
I swear Krue gonna be like this
I check my email more than I check my texts
I love the way Kevin Gates Love Dreka i wait til i fall in love and its genuine and pure . Cuz been
I would kill for an experience like this
Fuck the Fortune, that shit look good af
Shhhhhhhhit. Pick up your teeth boy
This smell
Whaaaat I missed you last night
SAAAAAAME . 11am and my son still ready for his nap
I left my cool drink in car
Been in tears all day God is good!
so hungover omfg if I throw up will it help?
been trying to gain weight all my life
the greatest
I am so freaking excited
I love that genuinely so happy
Not my best time muscles playing up But had an absolute blast with my
But i also want Chinese or oxtail
Thank God i braided one of my daughters hair yesterday and only have 1 head to do today
JPP almost had his second of the day
Wifey with the bomb ass omelettes this mornin. Now I wanna go back to sleep.
too precious
I hope i can finish my cosplay in time for IGN con
finna go to the mall just to get some pretzels
if i dont have hope i have nothing
I need help deciding what to get people for Christmas
My life is slowly falling apart
IT REALLY BE LIKE THAT
Jesus Christ just saw Tyler injury
I wanna go to brunch, this weather gonna last forever
Who the hell went deep into Brother tweets like that
sooooo pretty
I get distracted to easily! just cracking this laptop open but in the house though
ashamed of some humans thinking this acceptable
It was so great seeing my alumni friends this weekend. I miss their presence on campus so much man!
I never felt this type of love from a mf she really love a nigga
I wish it still looked that way
my legs so long, these bitches hurtin
Pastor Keon was on it today he was talking directly to me.
make it happened !! be on cloud 9 forever
this fool must've been so bored with his life
what saying!
so fucking cute
Field of screams tonight if I get my energy back
just even know how hard I screamed when I saw this shit right here
way too much shot I have to do at this exact moment
1. Take out wash and redo Eves hair
2.clean the
I SWEAR I WANT TO BUT MY MUM AND WORK
I feel like doing anything today
I want one!
Think I'm getting a cold
F*ck you Hamilton.
I wish
I might have to say bye to the ong hpf slogan fml
Today I just feel like spending money for no reason
u were out of town!
just tryna find my damn box of Twinings pomegranate & raspberry tea everywhere I go
Lol after the way things went Thursday idk how 2mar gone go! take his advice lol
someone wants to walk out of your life, let them siiis I really needed to hear that
I am so hungover from the wedding yesterday
On the upside, probably done more work this week than I have in the last 6 weeks combined, maybe get more motivated now idk
mind ya business
I loved this movie
I really do not want to go out tomorrow but I gats to restock
Tomorrow is Monday
Why are weekends so short
We all are
so gorgeous out
Even tho not happy
Guess we can all quit our jobs and stop studying now. get ready for these blessings
the thing I cannot recreate for the life of me
Ugh halloween in November? I think yes
Wait...I missed them
I really do not wanna go to work
Two steps backwards
Milky
Lol, in my mind I kill that dance. And I want to learn it so bad a d flaunt it to the universe
You seen me , it took everything for me to hold it together thank you soooo much I appreciate it
sjsjs I even understand what they are saying
The cutest! I want a son
Only the cutest couple
If only Cam had stepped into the pocket
If only society thought the same
I was eating dinner Just check Twitter now and you did live and we 2 awards I be
i almost seem his first NHL goal live! i was so happy!
When MJ & Patrick Ewing had to have a heated chat
this hurts my heart. especially cause his former teammates helped tackle him bless all of their hearts
literally dying at work. its all ur fault lol
This heat
This literally made my night
I miss you so much I hope I get to see you again soon! Maybe then actually succeed in making
my ears are ringing like 70% of the time
Last night was everything I could have ever asked for
Ughh i agree..removing the mascara is the worst part of the day!! And sorry bs i
Worst 10 years of my life
The amount of soft things I said to her and all she quoted was me calling Sonic a capitalist it be like that
Lmaaaoooo why did he just run that whole field for a touchdown, even let the bears celebrate
Graduation needs to hurry up
If I get highhhhh
Lmao hell nah my niggas know better than that
He is I am so happy he got time to do something he wanted to do and that everything went good, I hope he enjoyed
She was doing the most her ass stupid Thow
not in the mood to be at work today
He Gives Me A Vibe That I Cant Get Rid Of
cold outside
pls leave Canela out of this my bitch aint do shit
understand how excited I am to get off of work and go sleep
Bitch Take a nap RIGHT NAH !
they gon fuck me up
I slipped up and got a cheeky McDs so green tea has to wash it out
I miss my honey
first thing i see when I get in car after a long night is a cap from a mushroom on the floorboard
Annalise was doing fine.....all happy. And Nate had to do that!! He just disturbed her peace
I love Jhene aiko music, so deep & peaceful
Please hate me
I'm seeing pictures of my friends carving pumpkins, but I'm not able to this year I wanted a Totoro pumpkin.
Omg a mii fighter
You know a good album when you skip any songs DID THAT
I miss wearing glasses just need new ones
Those who voted not coming back
That too fr
That 6 dog flew
When the rest of the world keeps on moving and here stuck in the same old never ending cycle
Can you please DM me this comp. Want to watch mahrez balling so badly ffs
The scripts are so so weak
this one
Everything but those damn pull-ups
I love pink everything
Guess study for my text Tuesday
Girrllll we should be there
I wanna go to the state fair
I know always doing stuff
Brady even do anything
all you love
stop playing Jess
joon is after my heart
Fiorentina win 4/4 at home this year, until I decide to stick them in. So close
All I drink is water and because hereditary I have to deal life a scam dawg
Slay Reverends...
que lindoooooo
muuuucho mi amor
unfortunately for instances like this, obscurity and ambiguity is perfectly in the nature of this show
fina put on the heater only til I warm up cus ion like no clothes on
19 I can wait to enter the DubClub
i hate hair wash days in the winter , then my hair takes FOREVER to dry .
Tati woke me up with the cutest text today I love her
I need food young
I Ate Tooo Much
Let me tell you when I finally come down and crash ... that sleep gonna be amazing
back in the gym
so sweet i love you so much
Fuck I miss Alyson
Lmao My mom just had surgery and tryn go out of town Thursday I with her
need to go shopping
Menn no me has avisado
my brother not my this entire year I thought you guys were married SORRY !
I want to learn how to make mac & cheese like my Grammy that Mississippi ish
they keep trying to make me go to this hospital
700 for a World Series ticket... so tempting
I even he wants me to be bloody captain birds eye
Lard and the rains are down again...
My poor baby
you are soooo pretty !!!
Now DPing a Domestic Violence documentary . these stories are tragic
I'm on nights that week
My knee hurt so bad I've been too active this weekend
Imma need like $1 for each view I get be rich
I had such an amazing weekend man I'm not ready for my real life struggles
Sha is RT-ing Namsong stuff... im suddenly emo
not annoying so cute
All I use my credit card is for food , literally my statements have all food on them
My baby girl has her first cold at the ripe old age of 16 days Poor little thing
Omg all I want to do is learn
MFs tried w/ me
going miss wearing my slides
This dam fat burner is making my whole body shake. I look like a drug addicted
My head hurts
I knew I not played fantasy football this year. not invested until I see that I keep losing, then I get mad
somebody find me a job in DC already so i can stop being depressed every time i have to go back to NY
Mommy nem be rushing me
something about them Jamaicans
sick of Kiki singing indescribable
Thank god for Aries men and their head game
You gotta stop with the cute pictures
Put me in your pocket pls
I got the mean ass hangover
I went to church today
almost home to my bed
Coffee so bomb
Supposed to go on a date but I just wanna sleep all day
just remembered that I have my endo appointment tomorrow
And this is why Nourah is the best
I miss my husband
Bitch I watched them allllllllll 3 times this year
The day I became rich
Bruh!! spitting in the food!!
" mans in the notes app typing an apology "
Same here but with yt
I really miss my old job so much
Rondo really spat on that man.
really hungry, but i want to eat my sub In front of this girl and i want to offer any because
once i put in headphones , i don't wanna be bothered
Was hoping to meet up with you so I could have proposed this
This dam fat burner is making my whole body shake. I look like a drug addict
Girl I had a mini heart attack
But the PRESS THAT IS IN FRONT OF HIM WON'T CORRECT HIM or call him out on his lies
Thank you soooo much I appreciate it I was a baby here , little did I know it would get worse lmao so naive
I just wanna sleep this shit offf
I waittttttt to go to the range
Well I wish I
22 of July got me crying
believe finally graduating tomorrow
so damn tired. Been up since 4
a SUCKER for goodmorning paragraphs and unexpected dates . This made my day & I had a rough week so
Come back and kick and maybe play a little bit of receiver, we would all appreciate that
JSKSJS I LOVE HIM
i wanna lay up and study all day
hey there delilah
what's it like in new york city
I be bored af , I need me a boo
I miss Camila. I wait to have her all to myself again
I just said this morning I wanted some gumbo
I just had so much energy to clean.. half way done with the entire house and now I have no energy
Why that Fatass bitch punching her like that lol
If I knew do better
My womb is triggered
I gotta get a new car
Please drop location so I can come drop kick you I've beeeeen single no one is shooting their shot
ladies: how do you lighten dark stretch marks? (for those of you who even have any)
should see my ankle
I was suppose to be napping here come my mother calling me
I played his today
since the anime changed some stuff does that mean i have to read the chapters s3 covered too?
Slide Over To The Dark Side
59 hours and 35 mins this week & I still have to work 2 more days before I get a day off
baby shower gifts are expensive af ..just for some basic stuff
Had the longest night
I want some French toast
Pats defense get off the field
everyone got Chinese I want some
this is how tryna be w my boo
to recoup!
Swear I just might still so far tho
I wish I could start my training on the 1st instead of the 16th but I got to finish school out this semester
I just checked my calendar & I have no upcoming social events or trips This be life!
I told freddy I was going to stay up with him last night to talk to him while he played call of duty booooooy I knocked out
Packing lunch and dinner for the hospital...gotta stop spending all my coin
Can today be over with already shit tired
I have to go to HHN again
Hope too
I see their sad
hungry but too tired to go downstairs. I woke early thinking my saints played in the morning
Why did the Air Force give me the hardest job on my list
Tysm for the support I love you guys
what 1 chick wont do da next will
I don't want the unnecessary stress bitch I got plans
in love with that scarf
when the sun goes down and the band play, always remember us this way
Our full programme is here! worked so hard on this
Say You Finna Stick Yo Toe In That Shit Huh Family
Lol Assignment is due on Friday so you guys still have time my daughter needs help coz wow im useless right now
so u really ok with the killing of unborn babies sis?
I really try to hold my cool at haunted houses around them damn chainsaws cause I fear them chasing me with one
Beautiful piece from a Black Walnut branch union. Bummer that it has a flaw
Yo his barbershop is literally outside our house & i
I literally have no more space for anything in Noel's dresser
Too bad I had to work I went to LUHC
I even couldn't tap the on this tweet because it felt like giving a star to Section 28
Lol Im Scared Wat If It Dont Look Right I Think My Face Too Fat Right Now For Short Hair
This post though
Those jeans are flipping amazing and I want him to wear them again.
Definitely! I need to get some of your products too
actually absurd. Her hair too
Isis a real ass bitch frfr she pulled up at almost 3 in the morning with cables to jump my car we know
I lost my spoolie so bout to loose my shit.
Money coming faster than going. My jeweler say bring it all in for the level up.
place ain't a winner bitch but you went off
Not him. False start.
just speaking factually
When cardi b sings in Spanish tho
but a sis is an officer my lil chat
Meh Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria
This made my heart go WOOSH thank you sis
It feels so good outside
back after my accnt was hacked
Monday nanaman bukas
I wanna move down south or the west coast
Mannnnnnn These shorts make my ass sit up just right
actually ready to go home
omg see you next time bbys probably won't be able to go because I went for too many this year
really just be sitting here reminiscing
Nah I was high af tho
Teach me your moves
QUE LINDO IR A TRABAJAR AHORA DE HABER SALIDO X TU CUMPLE DIJO NUNCA NADIE
Restless between adventures.
found this yet
Bet everybody that go to parties to stand on the wall was like man, exactly why.
I really need to stop playing and start eating right and working out again
playing hide and seek with my Sunday feelings. I actually want someone to share them with, but dololo significant other
Nothing has even happened yet but I can feel it deep in my spirit. tonight we celebrate.. Forgive me if overly joyful
Not a laughing matter
i know this championship is done but still so nervous
the pain! The pain!
In need of urgent help!
I always crave on sundays
I feel like we are in a fic drought.
It feels good to finally be able to sleep in, after opening every single day at work
It better be a lie
I hate seeing people cry because then it makes me cry
I need one
Entering bike these days is really terrifying
HAHAHAA!
horchata con pupusas
At work cant wait to get off please
I need some thigh high velvet boots
good for a hangover ?? Help
Pain calming down!
threads so good they brought a flood to my dry ass timeline
Naah dude curry an
Our bestfriend costume came out so cute
She kilt this shit, but did not execute her exit with that microphone.
NOOOOOO do this guys do this... please leave him alone
Exactly babes! Some men still act like Neanderthals in 2018
because of I now want to become a DJ on the radio
fuck a good day i kinda do wanna go to knotts scary farm
Just sore
Nooooo What happened?!
People who don't stop to talk and have no idea of the sport
Marlon Mack and Kerryon Johnson really gonna go off since I played Chubb over them at Flex
Harley is precious I swear
This is getting ridiculous now
me: i wont do that
*a minute later*
me:
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHA
my back hurts so bad
Not a big fan of this slender man freak that found Luke under the bed
Cant wait to see u
I am in such desperate need of an early night
Almost man. Almost, I needed 1 more centimeter
I wanna say three years
I want to get my nails done so bad but I can't quit biting them to let them grow out a little first
I agreed to model for a shoot next month and every time I remember I get waves of panic Face, fail me now.
The internet is fuckin awesome
I wanna color my bundles but I know what color I should do
joking I shouted dive lol
not even about that person, someone else
OG
I move to Ohio for good in January I'm not allowed to like a girl like this rn
I told my grandma i wanted some greens this Sunday and she cooked them
seriously hate that it had to be u
Sorry
I can tell old kuz I usually get them
iMessage games anybody ? bored
I take so long to shop I salute the man who can handle it
so lazy I need to go to the mall & but myself new clothes
the oogie boogie is so cute
MEU AMOR A COISA MAIS LINDA DESSE MUNDO AINDA BEM QUE EU SENTO
Getting a new phone be this hard. been on the phone with T-Mobile for 30 minutes
RT
Fack, I gotta drop money to run around as a hunk.
I so forgot garlic bread ugh oh well
I love old school music so much
Honey ready to cater every time this jawn comes on
so tired
I wait! Keeping up with the momentum. I wait to see what God is about to do TONIGHT
Please do
When shorty talking her shit in spanish my heart
Lol I want too but too lazy buried deep in a closet somewhere
I wont be able to eat until after 11 when I get off
Instagram will not let me deactivate my account
Clothes just piling up
I literally just seen a full Kobe post up shimmy left fade away right...
Crying inside
I kind of want to hit Rumor tonight
All of a sudden hungry asf.
a bunch of throwbacks coming up not ready
Lol Naruto was literally my childhood show and till this day I still watch it
Oh, so sorry. I misread your account bio.
i hope Jennie read all of the shit she deserves so much love and respect and happiness. people are disgusting
open in Colorado Springs I need you
Got a 6hr test somebody please pray for me
I wanna get out of my bed.
An era!
Ohhh no he spelled people wrong gotta re do that part
My hair is so dry
I need an ice coffee
oh god, i have an 8am class i have to go to the day of the show i was going to get there around 1-2pm
Is it bad that a mi belly rule me?
Heeeeh mihlali is unreal bethuna
People keep retweeting this on my timeline and I escape it
I really want a burger right now
the best
spring day. i learned fake love, bs&t and Fire. FIRE WAS HARD
I just got home. Aint even out the car yet and my landlord is at the front door. I caaaant
So much sinus pressure this morning.
Such a goooood birthday weekend ! My friends are all amazing
I would love to have the time to read books again
soo annoyed mane
Looking at my sisters and just feeling complete love for them I love them so much
Perfect for this weather
I need a man for times like this need my head rubbed man this hangover no bitch
the worst
A French cover of singularity? Hell yes
Been waaay too long.. I no longer know who you are One of my favs from the album
Chris lake was fucking amazing last night
Back to Wisconsin tomorrow
I had a good ass night
I have no pics from lastnight . No videos of me riding the bull nuthing lol
When someone messes you up in that chair . Las Vegas, Nevada
When someone messes you up in that chair . Las Vegas, Nevada
Follow Me Pleasee
Lol . I already have a baby girl so she gone need somebody to play with and I want a boy because they so precious
I wanted to go back to sleep
we tired smh can they stop rubbing in my face how married they are
I need to eat good today my diet start tomorrow
I died Ima text you, I need to gain my life back
yeah it looks so smooth and satisfying like this
So he spit on him. Wow
I feel like I swallowed a firecracker & blowing up inside me rn CRAMPS SUCK!
honestly! because people will always dig up some offensive shit you said in the past
Nitho Cutifff
Seeing My High School Crush At Valley Last Night Looking Grown And Shit
Still vibing from seeing Zao Wou massive canvases.
So hungry I sleep.
i have any clothes like none
lmao stop
Nyheim still getting his but
A 18 month baby boy aka my nephew ruins my sleep tonight awaa eweee yayahhh bababa uwiiuiuiuuiiiiii Naaa idk what he saying
i want this so bad
i'm adding felix to my bias list hONESTLY THO, I DONT HAVE A BIAS ANYMORE
so excited for Indy but my heart is sad cause leaving my friends for a whole week and I think I can cope
Sorreh I had to
+02.00 am, and I still can't sleep, padahal perkuliahan mulai jam +07.00 am
|--ThReAd BoUt MySeLf--|
my lil sister is 10 & she almost the same height as me
My mama always have me running errands when tryna relax
I feel so empty but I know if I eat gone come right back up
Im supposed to be napping right now
It feel so good when you & yo boo get through the ups and downs now just happy
the jeans
so ready to get off
You owe your children a nice face, marry a fine
Poor baby
Still waiting on birthday plans I need to get cute
My fucking ass fell getting out the car last night which explains why my eye looking crazy. Great
I wish open a store in NYC
cute as hell, we deff fucking inside, let it get real spooky
So many celebs use their account to promote their business yet they still tweet random things
My legs and arms hurt so bad from the gym
So fucking CUTE
Fall cleaning
i will literally put anything in a tortilla . i love mexican food
Quiero un Apple Watch
20 December come faster please
Lmaaoooo but then ima have soggy cereal at the bottom and cereal with no milk at the top
Listen for the pop
My ass tired asf fr
Whyyyyyy
I want to anymore.. on the prow for a sponsor
Wait .. if he just turned 20 that means he tweeted that when he was 13 years old ???? Whys a 13 year old screaming all hail hitler
a victim of this
Forcing myself to the gym after work
so tempted to blow money on buying tickets to the World Series
i need to go boot shopping
Think ima go surprise my little sisters and brother. Miss them so much
Being a parent is so expensive.
You Want Be Having All Those Headaches Off The Yak
wait to get my double caps n fangs that shit gunna go so hard
BEEN breathing through my mouth & my eyes are redddddd
been avoiding redecorating my room for the longest. I just need to get cracking but the thought of it all stresses me out
Why not Xbox
Fuck khan on 3rd wik u37
13 days straight
I miss my dark hair so much
Efe be gassing my ass up. it matter what I cook for dinner he always says its the best meal ever.
morning again. Aaaarggghh but also Monday. This is how feeling
Wish i was back in school
Lol my whole life like damn nigga I really thought we was friends
Starving I want some oohs and aahs
I should have stopped by on the way home from church for hot chocolate theirs is sooo good
Maybe i should leave before it gets any worse....
I need to hurry up & finish these packets so I can graduate on time this shit annoying & I procrastinate everythingggg
People forget how... gutterbutt the internet was in 2012
I hate that I find a cute and good costume for next weekend so now stuck being something basic af
I still cannot get over the fact that Adison got two tattoos in some dudes garage last night
You right though you right
I think I want a cute girly girlfriend two fine ass women out here doing it!
lmao jas i swear not
so impatient, i just wanna see the pictures from my shoot
how to preorder oh god
Thank you man (and dw we fixed it )
Pass me da killer abeg
Whiskers I with you lmao
yes, absolutely. i'm glad you're aware of it.
Losing my voice
Why did I read that as
What the heck.. I feel like skipping months slow down P!
We use to do shxt like this
i want some mcdonalds but nobody loves me ..
the comments are triggering lol
Extremely hungry but too lazy to cook
Can DM me playlists pls lol I need new music to listen to
Everytime iRide Pass Tye High rise It Bring Back So Many Memories
Umgowo + financial problems
Good eats ona way starving
215 sumo deads going up so smoothly now
always here for you babe
Jerry mama just text me she made stew & cornbread ready to eat
Already Ready To REdye My Hair
Me too go
Everyone getting their favorite this summer is gonna be lit
Bollocks
They make me miss my blonde
this type of weather ruins everything
I hope I regret eating a bunch of French fries 2 hours before I leave to go get Mexican.
Chile I told you this
I just wanna have a full 24 hrs with no complications am I asking for too much? Just a successful productive peaceful day
everybody liking my tweet so sure they can relate, deadass tho..
need a girl to see a star is born with its looking sick
How cute I want
Im so scared I love them all already
Its literally freezing cold at my job like wtf going on... I cannot
Ehn.. just give us the acronym
my baby
been thinking really hard on it, I want to dye it soooo bad but nervous
this ain't chief
Let me not b contradictive bc my child indeed will b an only child
Michael has convinced me to watch scary movies with him all day , so here we go
I been sleeping real cute for these lashes. I know how much more I can take
This headache is too real
Friends, family, & crushies ko, inaantok na'ko share ko lang
me looking at the study guides for midterms
Note to self: on Sundays that off, get this done early. Do NOT bullshit.
go this week
Me al baby ayer en candy land
I need to get like you but I love blunts
I want braids but i also want curly hair
always been the best and the tea
ugh when is he coming to sg
If I find some tickets for Newcastle gona go fuckin scatty help us out
This is the cutest thing
And why the hell is my hair still so tight 3 days later
Ordering out today, I feel like cooking
how old are you
Wow. And just like that, THIS guy appears. And no white Guzzlord Ultra Wormholes. What even is my luck?
I even know he was in the song
Wow guys, shu! the whole continent a bad name
dead asf ion have nothing to do
another 2 more weeks till exo save us all
Oh great a hangover
Talking about she made a mistake and washed the ones she had they was in her pocket
I wish I was there!
I feel like going to Tifton
really been craving tf outta some gumbo
And ABIGAIL. My heart
I just saw a little kid give his sweater to a homeless guy and i shed a tear . nothing more beautiful to b humble
spooky this spooky that
how can someone not be whipped for him.. omg
i'm here feeding off ao3 fics
He looks so good
That after church rush no joke
I want to do this with my daughter someday
I can only take pictures with the portrait only this camera is popping
Yeah.. they're even harassing the member's family now
I need some 22 inch 613 hair.
God please watch over my mama while i am not able to be with her at this moment, take care of her for me
I hate when business owners post their personal lives on their business page i dont care to see you vacationing
goal: be a big girl & stop calling my mommy for everything
This woman has my dream everything
Banca porra
debating if I wanna drop some on these for myself or not
The moment been dreaming of.
I wouldn't ask about it if it's doesn't worked
you are really attacking me with all your love today ajdhdjskakdjdjsls
Chubby Men
No more pork for me shit messes my stomach up every time
Why do we live to die ?
Lol foreal
Forever wishing i could order deliver where i live, so hungry
- yk i was on it
i need to have another kickback at my house soon
I believe watched the whole series the haunting of hill house in one day
Wowwwwww this is disgusting Hope doing okay xxxx
ugh my mom coming home pushed me out of ls love that for me
I believe friends with a celebrity
U need to hurry up an okay let me know when
Wear something tight
Second invite this weekend I decline next time for sure bro no more Disney
78 rts.... im really not alone
Derek Hale
I love Derek so much and I wish that he had happier moments on the show like he deserved One of the
I had a dream that Post Malone came into my work. I woke up in the best mood
I wanted it so bad
I want a bae
You already know it
Teo- Selfless-ish
I want a boyfriend
If my baby daddy from high school come to my fashion show today a high chance I may hump him
Oh i know. I regret it very much right now
Why have I only come across 3 boys names I like and why does not like my fave??
they wouldnt know that bc they dont know shit, they couldnt even recognize their own favs
Changing bed sheets is up there with the worst
I shouldn't be this horny on the lords day
As if J Cole was a year ago today time really is flying! What a shambles that night was
now finna relax and enjoy my sunday and off tomorrow
This shit got me sick Pray for my mama
How To Get Away With Murder Season 5 so good glued to the TV
so sweet and beautiful i
craving Ben and Jerries chocolate brownie ice cream
I love it
I think only because I hate vodka but that does sound yummy deff gonna try it next time
My mum was addressing me via text & I screenshot it to send it to my sister but sent it to her instead
dam this feeling feels so good
whew chile im still drunk from lastnight
Tbh, nothing is cute. I just want to be held
I love them! I never got to see them live Mario Domm is a genius. De Mi is my favorite song like I still get goosebumps
finna shower and put my phone on dnd ion wanna wake up until time for work tomorrow
had a headache for 4 days now
thoroughly mad that I fell asleep on that game last night! God knew I would have been cackling so hard and
give you a 100% answer tonight I promise
About to go run and sweat out all the damn alcohol
I wait to start traveling!!
And so soon, too. Just yesterday we had that, the billboard thing (that is still ~developing
Terrified of big dogs and I just had to let one sniff me so he randomly attack me if to make his way upstairs and see me.
Once again your perception of reaction is retweets
Or trending
a terrible
What a shame.
Brother Nature hates Jews and black people so much he decided to learn how to talk to animals
Jeepers. Is it even worth watching now?
Smdh luckily ima lazy bastard and gaf about my fake warranty
Any tips for growing your hair? I've being trying to grow out my bob for over a year
ABOUT TO HAVE THE ITIS
I like guys on the chubby lil heavy not too heavy side
Why is Max and Paddy not on it's bloody brilliant
Please
visiting my mom at this RV park on Lake Conroe, this is sooo nice. thinking about buying an RV and just living on the road
2nd
I WANT TO GET THIS VIDEO UPLOADED but for some reason the quality from my stream makes it look like shit...
I really got my nails done and broke my nail
Bringing a significant other to church for the first time is a whole different type of stress
That was the most honkin Chinese ever had never had my hopes dashed like this before
Pray i get my phone today man
That's proper
I was thinking a pastel pink
I need new clothes
Ready to get off
I just need everyone who graduated from Skegee between 2008-2015 to all move to the same central location....I miss
LMAO it's worst when it's four
here is kokooo shining so brightly and aksksk he is soooo cute i wanna cuddle him
Explain
The bracelets and the rings my god
I just found it lol...yea that was fucked up!
Thank the LORD that the two running backs on my bench are going off!!! THANK YOU JESUS ughhhh
That make sense .please buy me drone guys
not sure if gonna go to all 6 Raye shows
I hate that I can feel every single movement my daughter makes now and it just hurts my body
on my 46th hour of work for the week I deserve it
My ankle hurts
Ey ey weh dat come out from
I want to work tomorrow ... but getting a brand new student so I have to show them the routines
The way craving Suya
throwback to the times before puberty hits when id pick up the telephone and ppl would call me "sir"
Ugh the horror
i wish i could be on this level
I worked so hard
This is definitely my mind set right now
so annoyed my card is frozen
oh nooooo not another cute baby video
surprised going to this party sadly I get dressed up under the weather still
Ughhh I need another lil babe
I have so much to celebrate for my birthday Monday and I just got a promotion that I start Thursday . I got my
1 Hand On Da Wheel Otha 1 On Da Glock But I Wana Grab Ha Lil Pussy
Njoku and Chubb are KILLING my DK lineups
I hate being added to Whatsapp groups. can't y'all let me mind my own business
the candy kittens too much sugar I think
YES please. We can talk bout it more this coming up weekend jus tell me what you need from me!
Creed II coming out
Our reunion was kinda lit...everybody kept asking me to rap though lol
Say it ain't so
i just wish
Incredible round of rugby. Scarlets are looking pretty fucked but wait for round three in December
everyone loses in this scenario
wowwwww i was hoping they get to u boo.
anty
Seems like the whole world jus tumbling down on me . Ain't nun working in my favor
I wait until my hair comes
How ya gonna actttttt likeeeeee thattttt??
I'm over these headaches
When your sensitive asf
can someone cook dinner for me today cuz I am too lazy
Not brother nature
See you in January that seems so far way
1.
ready to eat
I know who my Uber drover is in love with but this Future and past looking homie stopped playing slow jams.
Omg same literally about to go to the library and wishing you were here
Once again Vettel spins
Me right now
nd I lost my glasses I be sickkk asf in class squinting like a mf
I wanna go to the movies
we love you boo i love you more
so ill I felt this bad in a long time Just need my mum ! How on earth I got the train back to London I know
Oh god that all sounds awful together and taco bell is 15 min away so
I need a caption for my pic i wanna be a butter pecannnnnn
drunk as shit while eating I feel happy
So uhm David already lost 2/3 awards before the show even started smh
a whole 43 minutes late but that burger sounded yum. is that something you put cheese on? wish we could hangggg
Love and Hip Hop Chicago I lowkey think I would wanna see that shit
crying poor bb
Fine as fuck
Cambodian coin treatment no joke
Lastnight was so fun hang so good in a while
I FORGOT TO EAT DINNER AGAIN
ARGH
I'm an idiot
Idk if just big or if these tacos really good fr on my 5th one
Yessss still tryna shakeback
ever have a contact roll to the back of ya eye
j verse
Need Starbucks $hardinashiana thanks in advance
I just need like 3 more inches on the hem PLEASE
Y Alonso out
Come on panthers!!!
No but seriously
We playing I spy in my car , my daughter says something BLACK so we looking around tryna guess what it is ...
Damn sorry to hear that
so that's the end of brother nature
Actually so tired of them!
i woke up cold asf
I done shit school-related all weekend
naa fr lmaoo we be crying and everything
I think I wanna move back to New York
Wow sadmamis that I really get to see Chris Lake Friday night
Me rn
im super sad my bf get the joke
sembreak na namin so hopefully i can catch up
yo Somalia is so lit...I ever wanna leave tbh
Send some my way
My friend just betrayed me
She just got a boyfriend and now I have to be miserable alone
believe my sister got impregnated by this clown
Idk why so tired
Pretty little thing having 20% odd means my bank balance just got rinsed
Forgot I gotta make this girl wig
Can't sleep! Husband's not feeling well, me too and little one still active time time macam ni
Me too sigh
why you taking so long to deliver?
I need to start watching basketball again. I recognize 90% of the Bulls team
im just taking frequent twitter breaks
I wish I didn't look like I'm 15. Tired of the microaggressions
Zubair tensions my life too much.
Work later On today. Hopefully it as busy
oof felt that one
And here i was thinking i could come by u for Sunday lunch
I hate this shit dog
all weddings, engagements and baby announcements on FB this weekend
The highlight of my weekend has been
Awww you are literally so sweet
omg so pretty i just bought the blue one
I have to get my earrings & my chain fixed this week. been long enough.
Cache the most annoying bitch I ever met
Aggro is shit
here so that means I have to wear pants for menudo
booked today
Laying here trying to figure out why I moved to Cali yet
I slept so good just waking up
I was at a hotel that was new and not on any satnavs and they kept calling me
can somebody take me to cheesecake?
Nothing more heartbreaking than the sound of a cry
Last night I went out and I decided to wear brand new heels
yesss ! a whole goddess
someone get ihop with me
Someone check on he is just taking this a bit far.
kinda jus hate that i have trust issues
hearing my harley makes me wanna go for a ride
OMG Gordon. His head
Could absolutely murder a Chinese rn Starving
i thought i was the only one
stop playin big dawg drop it
just want some bomb Sunday dinner
Someone tell me why Ranthumeng is khuluming
Bathong Proverb and Liesl are over? Whoa
Why do Mondays even exist?
My reveal cake from bakers pride is sooooo fucking good.
THE LITTLE SOUND WHEN HE WANTED THE ITEM TO COME OUT
Getting myself off sugar again is so hard!
And if gonna take my shower that hot, I need to make sure I rinse in cool water before getting out a
Aww , i love you so much little turtle
I want to go to brunch today
noooooo brother cancelled too why we have nice things
So ready to move one more month
My heart every time Brady runs.
know how I went to the flite and still made it to work this morning but I did
like really tired
I fukN hate Tom Brady skills and abilities
Right? I thought baba had rested it yesterday but apparently still paining
Actually a lot too but ... story for another day
I want some hot Cheetos
somebody broke into my car fix it Jesus
Man I love hot wingsssssssss
Kids are in bed, which means the weekend now is well and truly over
I need somebody to take out my hair
in the mood to eat some virgin pussy
Early birthday wishes; Happy birthday yellow - 2 hours
Pffff... flemme
sis I wait for this retrograde to be done
also wearing a cat bell.
I
Happiness really is a drug
HOLY MOTHA--I almost just died right now.
I had the WORST asthma attack, went hypoxic and almost passed out!
Saaaame very upset
sis be like oh only mine touch my man and be like LMFAOOO he always comes back to me
I really just want sugar shack donuts so whose trying to bring me some
nevermind.
I whyyy McDonalds playing with me and my Effie food. I even want the shit anymore
I wanna go to the beach
Trying to stay away from caffeine is driving me crazy! I feel like a real life drug addict
Aahhhh Stress relieved
Brunch with my boo, state fair with my fam then back to Nac
This ended me and it was just a teaser
Un desayuno chapin is what I need rn
Not till tomorrow for us in the UK
Eat some Texas BBQ for me while you're there
stuck between save your money & youre young with No kids.BALL OUT!
I LOVE U
God I wanna go to the damn movies
I like guys on the chubby lil heavy not too heavy side
so tired it feels so much later. I want to nap but watch the game.
pisces
Forever tired working night shift.
queens of promo ugh we going
My heart combust this is so precious
lmao I made the mistake of this, got a whole stalker
When crying is easy
Oh god hardly your fault!
Watching favourite biscuit, reached an all time low
Man I wanna go to work
I really hope I end up getting sick this winter
please come to america. i will die seeing you live
have said it better we just numbers to them so the crazier the controversy, the crazier the of views
Car needs to be fixed
Fuck off he did not tweet this?
I LOOOOVE having a clean apartment omg omg
Lmaoooo. I am not a heart breaker a lover
I need and gotta have to come back already
Work probably about to be busy tonight cuz of this game and I feel like shit
Where can I get some good ass ribeye from ?
I am steady trying to tell myself Ace need a sister next year but.. he does
So irritated I vacuumed and washed my car yesterday and the passenger dirty today at least I get a pay
girllllllllllll die and cry
your weird if you sleep like this
Poor Alonso
Bomb but also I wanna see the rest of this headboard/bedroom set
announce indefinite hiatus
You understand
bts who??? btr is the only group i know.
lmao i feel it
Just cleaned my whole crib
I know we talk much on here but I care too!
Twitter detectives got Brother Nature
i wont give in bro. I deserve that recognition SNM
Everyday that passes I fall for her more and more
I just wanna be off already so me & Angie can go eat
i drank all weekend today might be the day tho
While I'm here preparing for exams
I bought like 5 more, I could get used to this solidarity.
I wanted to watch it but start yet
Need Tammy body so fit
My body is sore
Oxtails sound soooo goodd rn
I love coffee but it always leave me with a tummy ache
So much to do and so little time
One of my favorite mesh ups ! They bodied this
My downstairs is disgustingly cold, I hate the fact that the kitchen is down there
I want some chinese food omg!
Finally in bed
And Grosjean made contact with Leclerc at the end of the back straight
But we aint gon lie tho
i made banana bread and i hope it tastes as good as it looks
that type of day ..
2 more seasons & be done with AHS ima be so sad
Ughhhh why haven't they uploaded any of the girls'live performances yet
is it ur bday?????? i love that balloon i am a hello kitty freak
How difficult is it to find some slash/syringe resistant gloves
dwl this black bitch inna teen wolf got me fucked up
I wanna go to the movies
Really mind this
I can wait
On everything still trying to wear my hoodies comfortably
I stop listening to 70s, 80s & 90s music
gonna get off of CP3 he got his 2 piece in too. Trust me.
It will be a great time when ALL Black beef are back in the old days!
This. Is. Not. Black. Excellence
so happy falling out of love Everyday it gets and feels so much better.......
Wow the sicko mode video is so good sheesh
When are you available
Nah he handle the fight
Ugh
Ohhh no. Why people wipe their Twitter when they pop off?
Why am I only just hearing shaku what a banger!!! just keeps on giving
Her fucking voice
Imagine muffing some and your lips get bigger than the pussy
Like my uterus take it my cycle comes later and later every month on my 35th day like wtf playing me
its gonna be so cold by the time my birthday comes
RT And Grosjean made contact with Leclerc at the end of the back straight
defense holding this team up
I'm so good at doing laundry... folding it is a different story
Hes 2 tweets away frm this block... Smh
Now I want to eat
Come on jets I need a Xanax
I'm happiest listening to Cello music.
be shit fireworks like...animals are tormented this time of year unfortunately
I want to see Halloween.
I like full on beards, but scruff? the good shit
chocolatesquirt69: liickyourlips: so sexy Damn A fuckin
I hate when people listen to me when I warn them it always turn out right
I need a man before 2019 then
I aspire for something like this
nooo not the homie
Hate when I miss my ninjas phone call trying to get me out the crib and I be sleep then wake up and see the fun they had
Not brother nature
always wanted to go but not seen any mention of it this year
This season got potential tho, my opinion
what is this kid doing to me
Is it?! Began to think the day wasn't going to come. Still Gatland Lane shut from tomorrow.
drank almost a whole liter of Ginger ale today. Someone make this cough go away
ash also had whataburger for the first time a year ago today & almost died in a sink hole in the parking lot
I be the only one afraid to post selfies on twitter because the twitter community be some ruthless ppl
Same I honestly feel a bit dizzy but that easily gets pushed to the side because of my excitement for coming
I just woke up and im still tired
The music took me out
Can we have the music video please ?
Just getting home and I jst wanna sleep but I got laundry to tend to
Thank the lord they still make toddler sweat outfits with Halloween ish on them...Kyrie wear a costume
Last day in Tampa
Eh koe gaene dolanan Twitter to?
Dasar cah insom
lmao, no i was convinced my mama stayed down stairs from elephants
I really forgot what getting a tattoo feels like. to the 8th
thank u tersa!!
I know, trying to wrap it up! lol
finance test tmrw & i just really wanna ace this test man imagine getting 4.00 for finance this semester
4 am gets home from work
430 am: falls asleep
145 pm: wakes up
220: leaves back for work
It's the worst I felt so lost without it haha
Gotta wait until my next life but a bomb milf in this one
so emotional lately and this is honestly so rare normal so cold
my thoughts
I really want to go to Tropicalia Nov but no not here in AZ
I miss yours
Who has tuma lemons at their place I come pluck some?? Nipempako ma lemon guys
Basic hoes buy a pair of pants w chains on them and think they the shit now
Ugh I woke up with a little cough & all hoping is that not be getting sick
There are four frames, but I can only see three Wrestlers..
I even gotten a outfit for that concert I need to go look ASAP
im boredddd somebody text me or play me in pool
why had to ruin brother nature for me on the day? wait til monday?
I have to do packing,, I hate it
Now my expectations for my future Man are way too high idc i excepting anything LESS!
he lying about jay Z tho
I was at MSP and forgot to look for Neil Gaiman signed books.
I been at La Boom last night
This my worst fear when I go to a party
feeling spiritually weak and empty dedicating the coming week to feeding my spirit (prayer, reading the word and meditating on it).
nooo whyd they cancel luke cage
I FEEL LIKE A QUEEN RN
I really tryna pull off the impossible this week!
Stoooooobbbbbb iiitttttt
not both of us only namjoon can relate to this
how can someone be so flawless?
I need a few more lessons
Me trying to walk in these new boots I bought
I wait to get back to the old kamire . I miss how goofy and happy I use to be. this storm going
Demonican dialect
What his momma sent me after i got out of church! My the people that mean the most to him
been so patient, but I just watch and stand by. Look ma we made ittttt.
i need some good sleep wait to get off ,
I want a car sooo bad but not buying no lemons PERIODT idgaf wait till I find a goo one but the one I want sooo far away
I don't always write
tired of being tired
honestly
believe I missed the whole party. Like damn I even wake up at midnight
oh my god it sounds so difficult... I HOPE IT GETS THROUGH!!!!!
Lmao they have people stronger than me cause I even bitched out and got the epidural after a few hours of contractions
I did my best
just a reminder to PLEASE DRIVE safely please be careful when driving.. no texting/talking or speeding. this is
thank you ! Love you too
i ran out of room omg also bruno mars & SEEING FLEETWOOD MAC NEXT WEEK i feel like forgetting people tbh lol
SIS! when I say that man could have his way I lying!
love baby boy ! Imma always be here for you
nothing more attractive than a nigga with cute feet. so rare
I like sophisticated whores
25- SJ are all my babies , B.A.B Bang Yong guk, GOT7 Wang Jackson, and In Twice Hirai Momo
when we don't even have modelpink to feed us
I need some fall clothes
Oh fr?!!!
9th grade biology
Obsessed with my rose gold heels by baeshoes_official in ALEXI
- Also how beautiful does the sunset look here
Last time we talked I told him stay outta trouble
Nahh dude, the traffic after work with early shifts no joke later shifts please
be gutted he playing right back under Maureen now
yall i had a turnttt homecoming
Literally catching up on it now, and was thinking the same thing deaddddd
buns are better than Jens buns
I get car sick so fast
ugh i'm so fucking hungry but i don't even know what i'm craving
Our offense is Ass
too old to do two events in a day. I make it
Oh my word
I'm not going to know how to act in about a week.
i wanna leave daytona but i wanna see my bf
Every single one. Talk about it sis.
I just wanna give him a big hug
what time is the health suit open until at grand central? get the timetable up
some people just know how to look for trouble
Our house is draughty and cold at the best of times anyway. Our heating is always on
My favourite allegation to make has to be wake up early
... I have to come to EVERY Sunday to watch the games send me something for my loyalty
I wanna complain but today not my day nothing major but you know when just about nothing is going right for you
Would kill for a dominos
baby elephants have my heart
been seeing so many and it makes me want one more and more everytime
Been wanting to go
I remember i was in 3rd grade and this dude named Jonathan spit on me....lawd. I was at his neck everyday for a month.
How im tryna be with daughter
Fcuking Twitter must be locking accounts again lost about 700 since Thursday last week
Freaking voice is still gone and if I try to talk then I get a big headache
I wanna go on a vacation where I can ride elephants in the water
I dodged 3 bullets last week God Good
where I was tryna go earlier
Motho a robale, I'm so tired.
Dreading what the score might be tonight against the rams
theo did a really good job with his cover. he has my heart
I would love hair like this but I even know how to take care of all that. why God made me bald
Gotta wait around 5 weeks though x
the Garbz are really a piece of work. Is getting like nothing from a new artist over an artist
Bitch I even notice that bob ross
bugging it was Toro Y Moi I saw on resale for a ridiculous price! Disregard my Kaytranada tweet
- woke up too another death in my family boe no my grandmother b R.I.P
Uhhh so hard
My bitch ass drank so much I woke up in the bathroom with one shoe on and a blanket
i cant wait for him to be back in townnn
i will be in this bed all day
jn-wallace: slimthick91: Damn I forgot how fine I am been min . up Sexy body...
Lol she stays trying to put pple in trouble like big time trouble
just a reminder to PLEASE DRIVE safely please be careful when driving.. no texting/talking or speeding. this is
Free my lil baby
Oh ffs brother nature is done out ere
not brother nature
Was seriously waiting for the person to take off the costume until the smaller one popped up.
But I say that to you tho, the type of girl that still waiting for her number
Went and saw my grandparents new house and omg so small
Ik God hear me crying .. I just give up now he all I got man ..
danggg too smooth
I really understand how people like spam, I live without it
2 words that rly make my day / week pag ad submission "tulungan kita" hay send help
my support system soo strong . truly appreciate it .
I just want this in life
You really that dumb ala you even know about him
really want
tryna cancel Brother Nature ? Welp that means his career is really about to take off so miserable man !
I love me , I love me enough for the both of us
F1: And Grosjean made contact with Leclerc at the end of the back straight
Like he sucking on a pink starburst
so full now
Even lighter than I am
Connor my man we need to team up on siege then. My PC will be built soon
i love how comfy my bed is
nah not brother nature
wait for Thanksgiving break Im so done with school
Since not your everything how about I be nothing the left
the sales lady in just became my auntie
i hope work go by fast
I wait to move to Texas I just want to be close to my brother
Umm this triggered me
Aw god what a beg well embarrassing. I believe girls even go along with it
i hate that i forgot to unmute haseul word, why do i have to suffer just because of my weird dream
Apparently someone is using my pictures with a different name pretending to be be so if find the page pls let me know
This has to be karma for my old days
Guys! I'm giving away atchar. To share. It's too hot!!! I cannot eat it. Wow!
Wanted to go to the y and swim but its so cold outside. 56 degrees I wasn't ready
I was soo hurt almost was risking being late for it
look at her
The shit John does with Anaya like omg babe a little girl not a boy, when I tell you he has this girl roughed up
Wait are there Mexicans in Maui?! I need tacos I think I can live without them
CANELA IS SOOOO DISAPPOINTED!
I miss Kentucky and everyone too. Big time! Tweets like this make me wanna come back so baaaaad.
Love ya!
Bacon is so good but pigs are SO CUTE I just eat it
Nothing but good times with you i miss you so much twin
Pray for it please. He used to cry for me when I had to leave him. He was just starting to climb on my lap to cuddle.
what did wolf ever do to them
OMG, I liked Jane so much and now ... Remy is back...
Hapoel give us 2 ugly loss
That's rotten!
Tiffinaaagh
U straight will go broke in college if you employed no where
been to 1 football game wow and I love football
sigh when you feel some type of way about something, buuuuut you
Omg old asf
Walking past that gave me chills i dont wish that kinda pain on anyone, not even my worst enemy. Losing my
i need to go to walmart before i go home though
i wait to get my hair done
So true yet here I am still entertaining them
go home until I get this HP printer setup. But guess what? This is going to be the death of me. HELP!!!
Should I update my IPad? Twitter loading but it works on my iPhone which is updated
Bro my body sore as hell and I have the bare minimum voice!
21 and still call my daddy when I go places to eat and know what to get
I decide which party I wanna go to for MCC btw anybody know any moves for Friday night?
I wanna go to the Cider mill today just for some donuts
What an idiot. They have zoom lens for a reason.
Omg no one irl knows abt this acct when i first set this up i was fussyspacehussy and my ex found out
No dead fr so who wanna go get me some food and cash app you
feel like going on a date today with this weather
I should really sleep.
I need an onion for my steaks but not going back to town
I want a bond gone last forever no matter the weather
Help me tell my beautiful ladies
I hope the delulus don't hate me but it's the true
I swear Kayson will be a lefty already his dominant hand!!
Girl the internet is undefeated
Me too man . Where Mrs. Robinson
Mine too
Either KdB or Silva would be perfect
I BEEN trying to get a job at Patagonia because amazing
Really need to go to the mall today
Awh boo You're adorable and I love you so much like no joke I'll see you on Friday with a SURPRISE
And Grosjean made contact with Leclerc at the end of the back straight
I need this
why i couldnt be off today
Lastnight was everything I wanted it to scratch that. Almost
I need a life sized pic of Teyana Taylor & Jai Nice in my room for motivation
This One Person I Wish I Never Met
I want cereal
Tomorrow when i drop my son off to school sleeping all day ! text or call me please that goes for clients too because off
always wanna expose people we have nothing nice
I really wish somebody would come out to eat with me today before i end up going by myself
Espion depi w we sa ou nan bo rouj lan
I guess we get a normal picture.
Yess! I would be even more broke than I already am if I do that
i be wanting my boyfriend so bad
yo deadass.. been 3 1/2 weeks since gotten a cut.
Tbh i wanna give up so bad man
My baby daddy bought me the cutest Sweetest Day gift
I get attached to people and wanna be around them all the time bc its very rare that i find someone i like
Who allowed me to have pasta AND garlic bread for lunch? really fighting to stay awake at work lol
The ultimate struggle
I've worked so hard
the next one I wait aghhhh
thank you. Definitely does!
I ain't get that many good pictures but
Not brother nature
I just really want white rice with beef and broccoli and lo mein, all i want
Week even started and I want it to be Friday already
On Sundays we brunch. | |Hair by (I low key miss this hair, it was so pretty )
Never before has a single dish been able to create such a strong divide in any community
I miss you Harden was shook lol
Escape sets are out and conflicted.
I had told him never been to the Grand Canyon and he brought me oh my god. so happy! Arizona so
i know how much more of this pain i can take
My sister kills Halloween every year.
Why am I craving a piece of cake so bad right now....
Exactly so why did it flip out on me
I need to go shopping & bring my summer clothes home , lol not ready for the cold weather yet
TOY MALA
Dislocated my knuckle
cuffing szn so you know what that means time to play gon act like they wanna cuff me then do some
But he played Jay Spearing
About to be a long night
I gotta lot of work to do and all on my mind is my dinner and getting some Devon house ice cream
aw im so sorry, i lost my brother like 6-7 years ago. just try to stay positive and do what you think
Mood
Everything been falling down the hill
TFW DBfZ will have 7 or 8 Goku variants
Wish I knew how to work on cars
Kali is kicking way way more than usual today. It feels so weird
glad im not the only one.
I want a You Matter hoodie in everyyyy color
There's no comic sequel for this dmumt, theory should tho
I have a couple of those
Damn tired! & we have another 7:30 game Friday least have 2 days to recover
now I gotta deal with her wild ass smh
seriously
Need more ink
Juicy cooking cabbage & rice w Deer meat ! I want some corn bread man
Right
a a breath of fresh air
you hate when your outfit is popping but you get any
That was me last night
Yoooooo I actually had so much fun lastnight that I missed church this am
Bro I would cry for days a love like this
Love you and miss you
I do not feel like driving back to Nashville tonight
Best. Night. Ever.
JoJo you are the sweetest always saying stuff like that- ALWAYS looking out
I need a nap
Not gonna tell. at your TL too anyway
So High
my whole house caught on fire the minute you texted me to go outside I had to stay and rebuild
Need another holiday
Thanks. Wednesday it is
stOp i was making fun of you and u had to go ahead and make me emo miss u bish
It is actually lol new, know not used to giving ppl chances
so hot outside
Goes on twitter and see why Brother Nature is trending and he made his page private
I hate when people are late for workshops. Just makes my day longer
cold in my room .. the heater on.. this is wonderful
I slept soo good last night yesterday was hella funny
Another retirement for Gutted for him...
My Halloween Costume was sold out gotta get a new one
Not a single bit
DM me something nice
so glad homecoming was a success but even more glad that OVER!
My homegirls apartment looks so nice sis killing me she got thinking of going to Nashua for a place on my list
Me when God handed out the fat asses and forgot me
Damn I was not far away
Oh not again FFS!!! What has Danny got to do to catch a break.
This would be so calming
sum bout them darkskins
I always a fan of chocolate covered strawberries/pretzels but I get my fill & I want more so good
I really missed this fucking game omfg
dang it I missed out
i need to start packing my suit case what's the weather in GA right now y'all ? how it's feeling?
Oh found Brother Nature old tweets.
I should have known
Twitter has found his old tweets and it is not pretty at all Samantha
No fr Mfs even enjoy shit without putting it on snap or going live.
but i wanna get out of bed
Girls never say they want it girls never say how
Dang I missed those
Shame and he was looking cute in his lil outfit today
She liked so beautiful little mama xyla and I love her so much
tall but the way I took this pic I look 3ft tall then my pants leg straight so that help
ryan just melts my heart over and over again
Man I wish this was fake... Father
I really just cant sit up and come for the next bitch All the time like that is so gay & weird
I wanna go on a picnic just bc it feels so good outside
my body is sooo sore
i gotta work 4 graveyard shifts & still gotta get up in the morning for classes ....... shoot me now
i need my nigga to come take his timeeee with me right about now
Oh no!! What a shame for Daniel.
Boy clothes so comfy ion b wantin to wear shit tight on my ass all the time
man i been wanting some of these
I just wanna locs and care for you... treat each other right , we go out ... life live and have a great time no
The henny had me dwn bad lastnight
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!! Omgs same!! I am shame
I love being over my boyfriends house his aunt loves me
Hahahahaha better safe than sorry
I hate it when that happens
thanks I get proper annoyed when he even tries to say that better than dnp. he tries to
Served my self cereal only to find out we have to milk
Noooo not again! Why are you like this Heartbroken for
im gone miss too just going for school
Cold *
a sucker for places with dope ambience
I want some homemade chili
Watching AHS The Cult. too scary because it could be true
Word cold so you press to fill up sitting in the car next thing you know you see $53 on the thing
They was probably playing Chief Keef - Faneto
I got 1 hr to find out what we eating for dinner the pressure is real
YOU JINXED IT
Dammit! I was hoping for Norse themed breakfast food...
suffered today.
He locked his acc like half of twitter already follow.
My nigga will literally put his ass in the hospital stop it trying to keep my baby out of jail
We NEED these in Texas
I hope the Zombie Zin is Organic
I would Bestfriend but so tired
I Suck Titties I Eat Pussy And I Bite Lips Eat My Bitch Up Stop Playin..
Wish my thick ass hair was that easy gotta separate it into TWO parts then bring the bun together
All i do wen on the phone wit this damn girl is laugh she gotta chill
Lady told me I got so much game lmao told her that was back in 2010 everything I say b fr
i need him but i need u more
Well If I'm making noodles, it's not any easier. Green peas, carrots, lots of onions. The eggs. Ugh.. The stress
I wanna go to the movies
come home alreadyyy i fucking miss you
Who tryna go to a pumpkin patch or apple orchard with me so i can take bomb photos of them ????? I miss photography
I been craving white chocolate and raspberry cake
Really be arsed for tomorrow. This week off has been so relaxing and chill, I want to go back to work
He swung first. no way you spitting in my face
Maybe I need to go through?y Twitter and delete some stuff because
I didn't ask God for all this
Swearrrr
a whole ass bop how dare they not like
I try.
Got babygirl bed in her room, closet done now room
So much love for gutted for him too many times this season!
I want to
ugh I miss her!!!
Love love love when my sister is in town, i love her so much!
Gotchu fam! I'm a physics student who needs a bit of money
too bad everyone is so loud
or a bacon cheeseburger r some hotwings or both
i always want people that want me
cheap ass mfs let anybody with a gun do them
Jayven is so handsome
This song is literally my fave right now
If you go buy it on iTunes because James deserves all the
Bloody hell I wish I was 42... my next birthday is my 49th ffs
NOOOOOOOOOOO T.W.E.R.K NO MORE HIP HOP VIDEOS FOR ERIN And Leah, your grounded for allowing this to
already got the RDR2 trailer being shown during the football games and it excites me and angers me. I just wanna play it so badly
Yes please
my body so sore man i hate fighting
This road no joke
Can some one tell me if cold outside
Is he dreaming??? Pls tell madam Aisha to wake him up
okay, fuck it. about to have one
My family full of baddies
Such a shame! been on great form all weekend
This is so cute
when i say im tired yall im tired
So he lying & head did go back as well when he spit. And it definitely looked intentional to me.
know how good it feels to feel real love
Damn I felt this! sorry
fuck sleep
I wanna sit on ft all day
I love you , my eyelash
I love Ian and Tommie together
Facts, we will be good when we get to Vegas but like we care about who raised us.
my type of man
Marlena breaking down after in 07 but I know if I can do it
I wish I was at brunch w my ass was passsed out
How is it Monday tomorrow already
Wow I need a pair of AirPods now
convincing pb to go to the Trap Museum is my only task rn
cleaning this house wearing me out
Finished 1 essay and online test already just need 1 one more essay
Omg i totally forgot all about Marvin game
This was me & zoey shit stg
damn I miss girls room shit had our congregation in shambles
tmt abeg, subtle subtle plis dear.
i really want to do this if this is real, going to do this !
so ready for your drinks. I already know a be drunk now
Your Secret is safe with me
honestly sis
2 years ago today I got to celebrate birthday with him! Now married
these london games are messing up my fantasy line-ups
sorry Twitter but
ripped jeans , black nails , and a studded gucci belt
I used to be so lit all the time. Lol I slick miss my ace
The worst feeling is basically the last day of a holiday.
Nahhhhh reall funny this afternoon
and why am i so tired when i finally got a decent amount of sleep?!! i just wanna feel rested
Feel for Ricciardo cant catch a break
everytime i see my screensaver i help but smile
Both of us
Never known a friendship as personal as mine and
The way Red bull is always sabotaging Ricciardio every race!
been watching reviews for on Switch and yup ffs I need a Switch now
The weekend goes way too fast
bro dont you got a meal plan with the school
MEU
want this book
One of the biggest arguments, is the Jaffa cake, a cake or a biscuit, we will never know
Finished one cheeseburger & footlong in one sitting. Damn late night cravings
He really spoils tf outta me
I want to go to work
Fuck really not tryna go to work today
: so proud of jania her live was so touching I guess I keep wanting her and kentrell to get back together
Slept wrong now my back hurts
wait till this plane land so hungry
Going to the movies tonight knowing scared of horror movies
lord you keep putting me thru these scorch trials o Lord I am not worthy but I know you deem me worthy and I will not fail
We call each other the age is definitely kicking in
I don't want a boyfriend. I just want someone to cuddle with on Sundays
I have a lot of books unread.
cole verse on plf is everything I feel that on a spiritual level
Damn brother nature with those tweets
this weekend was the best
New friend me pls omg just get rid of all the old ones fuck it
Looked in the mirror today and getting a second set of abs so happy !!!
| my niece is about to be bornnnnn , so excited |
Now I know your category
Need my lashes did asappppp Linda wya
I wrote one and it still mean shit
oomf so fire wtfff
trying to debate on my outfits and what to pack
sleepy but I want to go the nail shop
on my way
It's stinging pretty bad, not gonna lie! It looked pretty deep when I was trying to clean it
Nooo not brother nature
Actually need my own bed in a&e
Pho123 really comes so clutch on ubereats though
Good movie, great food. He really knows how to keep me happy. had to miss out on spending the night cause I'm writing tomorrow.
Yes yes yes but what is ctr?? I know lol.
I love when my phone and WiFi decide not to be friends.
i really wanna get my nails done
I just wanna see my boyfriend
not overly emotional but this actually bought tears to my eyes The hug at the end
I have a whole black eye n still had sleep
Not even fina tell him cause he play bout me
Yesung watches Dynamite's fancams ya'll I told you Yehyuk was real
Scrubbers
i wait for my parents to go see hate u today so we can talk about it
My ears hurt lol
Literally sat here and watched it go from 5 likes to hundreds of retweets in minutes
oh no! Sony Michel got carted off and I started him
Why this pic
really a crybaby
I just ate half of a cantaloupe and i want more lol it was so good and juicy
who trynna be my study buddy for bio, i gotta pass this test friday.
I am done with our politics
Last off day until Sunday I gotta get me some sleep
Me either RB are just adding more proof to the fact they favour Max! always him
cuddle & Netflix sounds nice
Man what
Can bring one over by Mississippi so I can meet my faithful king?
Packing my bag is making me so sad already, nothing worse than feeling poorly and being away from home
La chance
Everybody is until find out fuckin the same dude
Send Renault packing please already
you is pretty!!
cute enough
My last day of being 21. So bittersweet
Apartment still is gonna be too small once we get everything from the shower
awhhhhhhh I would cry
only thing I hate about this weather is how chapped my lips get
I Slept Good .
A whole elite is it that lit?
What did it say. He protected them
I wanna tweet about Daredevil but I don't want to spoil it
*sighs can thry stop it already.
or anything cat
When this money come spending it all on me
Stop stop stop this needs to stop!!!
Boneless bucket wi no chips for us a mean how do u even get that wrong
That this it???
Wish I had friends to go to brunch with
Yesung watches Dynamite's fancams ya'll I told you guys Yehyuk was real
Why there gotta be cameras around the whole ass perimeter of my moms house like I just wanna smoke a bowl
I had the best weekend!!! Me and my bestie kicked it like it was 2013 again
This was just out of all things to get rid of...
In the fall, siting in that one spot where the sun be
I wanna do something fun
imagine being this gorgeous
I forgot all ab that until now
I think I got food poisoning
Caption and picture go hand and hand !
The girls quadrupled in size and my wanting to suck on them did too I wanna hold them
make a song Juice Wrld Javi x Lui$ Keef
I definitely need to find me a blue jean jacket
Anyone willing to come and take me away for a few days? Look after me a little? No?
I wanna be pregnant next year 2019 like late August, and have my baby year 2020, really trying to be pregnant in the winter this time
Dammit Edelman how did u drop that how
Level 100 nursing procedure.
i kinda want to go to the movies, but then I kinda just want to lay up in bed & watch a few movies
Really want some suga.
I tried to rescue & she bit the shit out of my dog. He needed surgery
Please tell me you know that movie
Really want some suga.
Need a house that can fit 30, Chevy's
I have never actually had an issue with going over a page limit but here I am having to cut shit out of my paper
I have to spend at least 4 hours in the gym to make up for the way I ate this weekend
o hArRy TEriA vERgOnHA DE vOCeS trEAt pEOPle wiTH KIndNEsS
Uh I have a lot of favorites
My one and only worry in life is that I age good please lord let me be a bad bitch for as long as possible
Wow. Brother nature
Why you so loud
Why do boys constantly shake their legs when lying in bed
booked with a new stylist my friend recommended. Please let this work out she even all the way in Timonium so still a hike
Im Overwhelmed
Omg I was Xavier
diamond just gave birth to the most beautiful baby
We be having some deep ass conversations about life
We need to get closer then
my stomach is on fireeeeee
boleh tak nak ni time grad instead of flowers????
Scorpio season is approaching
Beyond two souls (je fini en 48h)
Need to stop eating when sad because lately sad all the time
Last community placement finished celebrated by spending the full weekend cleaning the house back to uni to
Oouu she throwing that ass
You should make another thread of guys dropping ladies pictures let's use that medium to shoot our shot
cause honestly I know it like to be tired bey Muddoe I want take a pic to show
been back on my grind, and been back on my mind
Faites percer ya levis dalwear
OMG I LOVE THIS BITCH SO MUCH
I Legit thought this was
Oh damn... Not brother nature
Hahaha ok cute.. international love
I want Hooters those Daytona wings
For every typo I make: I lose one follower.
I hope Lay sleep as much as me and Raely do
Man I need to update my playlist but I need songs
We all would
I sleep
I wanna be like her
Man , this shit just smacked me back so hard I had to lay down
Tomb raider from 2 years back
Jacquees need a stylist
this is not even funny wtf
Everytime with Evelyn i eat like a Pig. going homeeee before i gain every pound i have lost BACK
Mines is 1699 be evicted if i was only getting an $800 check
I need my eyebrows reshaped.. but idk where to go or who could do them
I miss
lmaoooo nah imma just believe he hit aftr
Catching up on all the sleep I missed
And just like that HOCO week is over on the bright side Congrats to our TEXANN Volleyball team in their 20
Ugh I thought you meant with a touchdown
so cute gimmeeeee
He tweeted w/ the nazi symbol in 2012
My mama saw me this morning & said getting fat, I still see it
Ofc I need a new phone followed
Boy wtf
Will wlm even get posted to youtube at the very least?!
whereeeee ?! omg
my legs hurt
dudes who keep their wallet in their back pocket be lookin thicc as fuck
Everytime with Evelyn i eat like a Pig. going homeeee before i gain every pound i have lost, BACK
Preach
You got some??
Me and my baby spent damn near 10 days together and wait til Tuesday to be back w/eachother
That last one goes crazy
I think ima stay in bed all day today
Muh roads!
Nah Selena next to her old kidney
literally just roaming the streets, big things happening here
Desperate for a Sunday Roast
can pink ocean happen already
living if he hitting it like this
You know you want a good as future when just thinking about it stress you tf out i be stressed 24/7 tryna stay focus
i love booty but damnit i love titties too
hey, my parcel was dispatched Monday and still not at the store
did you tag me in something? disappeared
Tell me what you want me to do to you sayyyyy it
so upset that allow dogs anymore
Kmt still figure it out
I swore he just said Hey
If TheArk & Glam disband they been my fav gg groups
Lewis has a chance to lock up the championship here in the States and not there.
I woke up sick asf
Ughh I need Starbucks
She deserved sales though
I honestly never know when someone is flirting with me. You gonna have to just come out and tell me.
Alright I want a kid
I knew I wanted to apply to the ford back in June why tf didn't I start my statements then
Go to sleep, We don't have time to play alphabet soup!! What are you stressing us out for
wish i could rt this
Is it too late to get a fish sandwich off Jefferson?!
Gotta wait till tomorrow to watch another mavs game
I need to find some box but worried to leave it I had to lock my cats away sksksk thank you
The Local Jesus been saving these bitches and whores was looking like Armageddon so I shut it down...
Kacey is living her BEST life
I know
So glad I got a son , haircut and GO
Every-fucking-thinggggg.
With decimal points
Can somebody take me to a real relationship? I got gas money
The shit we got thru for beauty ladies ridiculous really
Poor Danny Ric not again
girls with light eyes can like..GET IT.
Your mcm uses gas grills
I need to get my life together
So like I want me a down to earth bitch
Looooool . finished , it costs more to get a coach
S/o to whoever that guy was lastnight that found my earring
I need more pillows.
Exactly I'll probably blow it up or something
Mean! 30F here
No..... not heil
Its really not even all that
I had to cancel bubbas pictures for today because of the mud hopefully Wednesday goes better!
so ready for my vacay, well needed
Oh god are they horrible?
the kickers really only have one job
tryna get like this bc this shit cute af
Flag in the TD
Facts
really about to change my eating habits for good
Wish I was laid up with oomf
due to my hair getting fucked up...i had to shave my head
probably cry for 4 hours.
Smh i hope he tries again
Flag on the TD
Yeah that too
It was
how can you not love women
Just want to tour the island with the loml when me find him and go on some bad adventures
How can you have all that yansh ? Seriously !!
I'm happy you liked it Endhawks fluff hits me real hard
Sorry been busy fellas
I want a puppy.... but I know irresponsible..... but i think I can do it..... but afraid I ah !
ive been avoiding to open twt but ig it is how it is
tryna find my lil concha to look at like this
oh my gosh.. my hearteu jungoo.. such a baby uwu
why there a night mode for texting?
Wow i didn't need to see this
no lie this summer walker album got me in my feelings. this album been on repeat for 3 days now.
Cheese n wine with the N10 gang old gang
Why tf are you so hot
So sorry for
ready to move already
I hope he tries again
Do I have to go workout ???
I really wanna show off my girl cause damn
lol.. its rich people that bribe people
No girl freaking perfect literally. If I looked like you I know how to act
I been to the drive in movies in so long. due for a road trip and a good movie.
And some of us went for the same NYSC 1 full year.. came back with the title of president of friend zone
Oh shit, now gettin hungry
He locked his page
my mind was blown, so much was happening
Thank god im almost done
I woulda gone
believe I missed in The Netherlands again because of uni
People saying he bought the account off someone! like what the hell
my dog is sick and I literally am so stressed out I might get sick
Your profile pic is my exact reaction..... I tire
Early mornings too
! RT
This headache
Sweetest day was good , I got my ate good asf
This week is going to be the death of me
Lmaoooo they pulled mans tweets from when he was 14 to crucify him
Nobody is ever gonna make it in this
I want some warm cookies
I want some ooey, gooey, fudgey fucking brownies.
That's cause they haven't been giving their biggest artists any exposure lately in favor of their new groups.
Idk how to save the original but I miss this
I GET INVOLVED SO DEEPLY... I CAN'T EEN GET ONE MY FEET OUT
The Fantasy Football Gods hate me today
Mata 8.5. . Is it really that long since you saw a proper creative number 10?
Coz Mata is fukin pony.
I swear I just said this my back one
Yah I have the best of friends
13 war.
I'm tired asf
i never said I wanted this is the last time I interact with you guys
Fooly I know what was happening
Plz no
don't have a bike yet either so walk time
You leave me like this would you?
BANGER alright just gonna keep studying and listen to music instead of sharing every other song on here lmao
wait what
I'll stop eating
Bruh i know
I want my baby
We missed you
this is constantly an issue, i can not decide
I feel like wasting my Sunday
chillen with 4 little dogs. in heaven right now
my little cousins thought bloody mary was gods mom
where do my clothes disappear to
some messy chile whewww
i just care about a lot of stuff anymore !
still not over the fact that someone had a poster at the calling for to be our next PM.
I know what to be for Halloween!!! And it is literally around the corner
And they bringing out his tweets from one of the most craziest/ruthless twitter eras they better leave my mans alone
Ugh I want to go to Ulta but broke
Thank you mark! We gotta catch up soon plsssss i miss you and Julia man
wayyy too little!!
I love kfc mash potato bowl, bk Oreo shake, hoshun sushi, and Chinese tea garden lo mein all I eat. All that
sos someone bring me an iced latte to the creeeeek
I have no idea
Sunday = Waking up to Gospel Music = Cleaning the whole house
I just want money tbh
What happen to Marlon
tell that to the fact that i literally look up to you
This fine ass man on my timeline Father
victory royale!!
Would believe me if i said i designed this myself
Utterly atrocious support from Wigan
i definitely wana cum in it
Wheeeewwwww universal beauty
Need
trop fort
Vertige de l'amour
Me too I seen like elephants and stuff lol leave me out plans
Damn Georgia Florida gonna be lit this year a Top 10 matchup
I'm not ready for monday
need. this.
Bitcccch this video had me ducking down holding my breath
I want a minchelada so bad right now
I was gone off of Twitter for like and hour What did Brother Nature do?!
Y'all call me crazy or desperate , gawd damn son ..... Devan got fine af .... still not over that man
Work is so boring today. Like why
so lazy to get ready
I want to live in Philly
This is the cutest shit ever
I been on my phone for the past couple days and now that on it I even feel like going through my notifications
Omfg you're crazy
Who was scrolling through 6 years worth of tweets
yeah they cramp hella hard after like 10 mins, the triggers hurt my fingers a lot and my palm burns
I feel you girl you deserve so much more
Idk what color I should get my nails
I wish Naychur was gone be here to celebrate her first Halloween thanksgiving my birthday and Christmas but be here By Easter
Me when a teacher says you have to present something for 5 minutes straight.
HBD KIMMIE A BOSS 4 SURE BUT POP CULTURE ICON???
Wish I could rewind back to Friday
Someone let me barrow their kid I want go to a pumpkin patch
Can this Pisces moon be over
Mood: stat
I got 50$ action on da browns and deez niggas got 2 points
I just found the graduation letter/texts that sent me and crying I love youuuuu
ooouuu cold asf.. i wish i was thickkkkk
In litterally just waking up
I need to order two outfits for homecoming Saturday
Nah i know him lol let me see him Kev lmao
I miss when I would vibe with friends like this
taking my all to not text this person pero like ya me canse de andar de pendeja lmao
I have finally decided which dog gonna have and im so excited
hitting that unfollow button right now
Right?! or the classic please fix my
Yesterday I worked all day
Okay, leave me with a broken heart then
Just kidding, do what you like best
boredddddddd , I want some seafood
I just want my bed
The equivalent of a 10 year prison sentence
really wanna have a DEEP conversation face to face .
In bed snacking & watching lifetime
Understatement!
Feel so insecure. Really need to get my life together
I meant EINFP
ready to go home
Nipsey is as real as it gets
I want some Waffle House
Starting a new job tomorrow , safe to say I am shitting
Who let my stupid ass drink liquor last night?
always lit whenever i link up with the cousins
Also how does one do this? please educate me
HE IS NOT AN IBIN KALB TO ME
\
( (>
)
_/ \_
swear just counting down the days until thanksgiving break
when did we get so old tho haha
My school offer tiny mouth science.
wait for the 2nd!!
the part I hate
.. y'all bitches the 3 M's : mad , messy , & miserable .
everyone in my family says this
I Miss My PPL
He look like he could ruin a life
penalty
lay the Wrath of God on that pussy
COUPS!!!
Dang I miss seventeen though
I wanna be up and geeked about one person but niggas shit so that will never happen
I am ready to eat waiting on my food na!!!
HAHAHAAH me when getting organised
I need to tweet in German to fully express myself
Please tell me these tweets are really Brother single time man
still pissed off that I missed the concert while I was in Jamaica
such a mess today
Yeah, I want you how can I get you
too many birthdays in November
i need cookies & ice cream
Ahhh Ne-Yo sexy love is an absolute song.. they make um like that anymore
Ugh now i wanna see these tweets
The south has a different kind of chocolate
LITERALLY
I never do rather iron
Look at my babygirl she so big
Honestly missed half of these replies
tour where ya at?
My are always so long . work then straight to Dundalk, that bus journey is tiring
craving hibachi
I see you last night .. I seen your friends !
La VSOP, I cry
Currently have the Selina Meyer eye twitch going on
Ima go ahead and leave this group chat for the week
I miss it so much
This line so long
currently missing the hell out of my baby sister
I need to make friends, my wedding gon be empty as fuck
i guess i was fasting today i still having ate shit
Not all bg stans are like that one but I hella love Twice!
im sorry i had to i love him
Never realized how fire fast burgers was til yesterday
wooo, twitter is getting so toxic anymore
Im cold asf
Plz tell me a lyric ily Charlie
canny see what it is
Damn Brother Nature
This it.
exhausted but the wedding was beautiful!
We was so lit last night
craving iced coffee n donuts
Procrastination is my weakest. completed this homework days ago.
Taking a bubble bath
I've had the same number for 9 years
Back on the grind later
I been up since 8 so sleepy
and this wind is brutal
Literally I even believe how stupid RB are, we can all see going on! Also, people can
i tried but so loud and my other neighbor is mowing his lawn
lol everyone knows who i am at peg but they always asking for and smh
I always wake up hungry
I been so lit I forgot I was supposed to have a party at the end of the month
Ooh shit.
This is so me Idc idc idc leave me
Wish I had video of Steve lawler at ants playing this absolute belter
If he gets this getting him pregnant
that 9-5 be killing me
I just wanna see live again
The art scene is so lovely here I hate where I live maybe one day
What....he's back to 5th happy now
is coming to Delaware 11/25 there
Hopefully by this time tomorrow be sitting on a beach
I even know the original one
Bout to go take a shit be right back
im just now getting up
Hope Kimi makes a mistake. Lewis can't lose this one
I have a obsession with jackets and shoes
I don't see my baby for a night and when I get her back she looks so much bigger.
Cleaning out these closets and we have so much unnecessary shit
i miss my boo why he got me like this
I feel like I look cute but my phone camera is broken so how am I supposed to know forsure if I take a selfie
Yes, baby, 4 pages
Just want to get off already and be in my bed
My baby hairs never wanna cooperate!!!
why is there no heat on
Ergh wish I got tickets for WDW. What I would do to see
got7 are literally the most unproblematic sweetiest pie-iest boys w the chillest fandom why let us breathe
Omg omg omg!!! when you got exciting news but you wanna share it cus you wanna jinx it!
Tfw you recorded something but record the HD channel
I do henny anymore my head hurts man and I even drunk lmao
Huhuhuhu protect him please
i wanna have a group of bulls fans going to bulls games together
Need A Good Ass Meal
Years
I thought I was a liar lmaoo I got shit on Lil Lexi
I miss Kay so much like I just want him to come back to Lincoln and fix my headache and tell me going to be okay
Eeeeei so no lady wants me to sing Yaw Berk's independent lady to her
Me neither
I been this hungover in sooo long. I feel like dying. I drink like I used to. getting old
bitch I wasnt that active like for two months and all my mutuals talk to me anymore... loyal
These spot the difference games man
I Just Wanna Go Home And Sleep
Noooooo aw too sweet!!! Thank you beautiful
Can't ever have nun nice
LMAO... I swear, I no get that kain strength
Soooo why the bears go for a field goal
Yes so I can actually go
i love my family. they drive me crazy but i be able to stand without em.
my hair never fuckimg cooperates bout to lose my shit
Birthday please hurry up. trynna feel like that bitch already
NO MAMEEEEEEES JAJAJAJAJAJA PTM
My no nothing diet and workout plan begins tomorrow, dreading it so much but wow Im falling apart
orh brother nature chacal, pas toi
I was rooting for them
Right
I miss my bitch already
When you find out, let me know
I still cry every time i leave my family and go back to school i love my family sooo much even know the half
sometimes I get both
How are we even friends when you listen to stuff like that
so bored .. somebody pull up
True
- Done wasting this good pussy on Lames
And the fact about animals makes it 100x worse, now he look funny
Man I so miss
so mf dehydrated
I cba anymore, this guy
Been telling myself to pack for hours now, put about 5 items in my case and tapped out
What the lmaoooo
I gotta learn how to save up money
Houston is running all over the jags rn
I hope pull up old tweets
on paragraph 3/6! Fuck my life
Story of my life
My friends thought they could surprise me...they failed 2 days in a row...I not be the planner
What is wrong with him the way her head snaps backwards has me dying.
Ugh I do too
Mi reino por un heladito de Jarabacoa.
Laser Rezz was so fucking sick
My heads been hurting all day
Yeah what trash
Running on 5 hours of sleep
I need to get up
I miss my 3 horse stable so bad
Shit I think in love
tired af today
really cuddle season & I have a single soul
Twitter!!! Should i go back to light brown/blonde or stay with my black hair please help me
Dog my phone on 28% and I have no charger
On my lunch break
all we need is a running back Bell is at home chilling!
This cute
You guys need to stop being cute
longe
he loves when i wear my natural hair but i look so young with it
How do expect to promote F1 in USA when u televise it
Finally up from the dead
fatima is mad cute, she bought us bracelets that say hate and hate you
Me too
Wow! EA fucking banned my account for sending 25k coins from one account to the other (which I earned from
I know why but I wait till when I have a baby I can wait but CANNOOTTTTTTTTT
really some weirdo searching with
I have to take Leilani hair down
Why did I agree to an 11 hour shift tomorrow
Chile now on private the only time I regret not following him
not bad lol but no one wants to listen to it with me
Fuck
Aw man tough shoulda been me 25 fuck
Baby that blue drink is the devil himself
I luv seeing Niggas who just so obsessed with they girl
I be wanting some GG
aw cutie boy ily
tied boss
I am not having this rude Can. Poor Sanem actually too good
Dexter twisted af , funny & stressful all in one i take it
I wish The Nest would deliver
You asked for my account too yesterday I'm yet to hear from you
wait to go
Nah nigga I was turnt up...you was busted & disgusted somewhere in someones car
LMFAOOOO it says tweet unavailable.... I think I know which one this must be talking about hush
what if someone catches me recording tho
Feeling kinda weak and I still need to clean
I felt that
Finally someone who gets it yhuu...more especially the no connection part.
so sad because struggling trying to braid my hair
on meeee fuck the police
Man I'll really eat her pussy
I wish loiter squad had like 50 seasons , this enough
i know I miss you too. My girl done glowed up so more and forgot about us
cincinnati is so coldddd , omgggg ready to get back home
carry bean
Fuck
Felt This On Another Level
Debated this for soo long man, ended up hardly playing football as my eyes are that bad
ready for babe to come back home. I miss him
Oh no the worst things about winter
I need to get up
I thought I was the only one
broke hatin asses let nobody be great why do do this
Not brother nature! I guess all Dominican men really are trash
know why you fell back but like
You never realize how much you use your thumb, until you hurt it
I wanna marry money
It literally took me an hour to hike this bitch so outta shape
Need to get my nails done
That's
This is the kind of mom I will be
Fuck missing out on the Texans game
heading to bed now due to uni commitments. Hope a good one!
Why? completely consistent with Ferrari throwing races away this year
Damn I wish I blind so I could wear special fx contacts with my costume
know if I should do fall colors on my nails or nude and white powder
How amazing is doctor who tonight loved the story line with rosa parks 10/10
Sure my best color I think going with black pants. Decided on a top, and what kind of jacket!
I had the horse that finished second
Just gorgeous
Somebody come with me to conch heaven
It my fault ppl love me man
FaceTime with girl, I miss her so much
My weekends just go too quickly
Nurse Jackie is so good no matter how many times I rewatch it
I was just telling him I might not be able to stop by this time. I gotta grab Railya get
I pronounced this in two different ways
Oh NOW wanna pick and choose who Gets cancelled. Chile..
fried chicken is smelling so good rn
I really fancy why UberEats be available in other places then London
If you know me personally, you know i dont be doing shit like this I hate bullies but They are not innocent
What can I eat today
Shit load of homework
Oh lord
Literally who made that list? Billboard should get some new trusted writers, they've been going downhill since 2016
I miss them already
Me and my friends make the best memories together I wait to see what else life has to offer us
this is nuts!!! believe i missed this game
I'm just tryna catch my cougar man
It feel too good outside
I literally move out my bed yet to tiredddd
This is so fucking cute
fr
See what talking about! coz of one man you want to put a whole country in ruins are you mad?! Isreal
i wait to go home next month, i miss my family so much
Where did the feature for to capture Live Photos go in iOS12
I believe I actually forgot.
I think kicking it for me because, every time not around my daughter I start to miss her
Child this had me crying
I know. I hate it for us been on for 5 years even though we was late so he tryna move on
soo ready for baecations
The problem is, idk how to make new friends ... and I'm afraid I might be friends with snakes hey
Me too.
She should talk more often abeg
Never again will I be going out in the rain
Yea I think ima stay single until I find me a man man
Requirement to date me
- tall
-ginger / blond
-
If you tidy it clean it now I want to cook any food because my house is too clean
Don't do this
Exhausted
2-3 hours and I can go to bed and I have smoked today why is it so easy to stop on the weekend but not during the week
Me and mines fight ever
23 weeks & my bump sits so low so some days I either look fat or pregnant
nothing is sacred anymore
fuck you cant hit us with these hard questions
Lord Jesus please come now
come to new york
All this kaiveni talks at the Family Court is Getting me very very Hungry
My daughter do everything by herself but when time to go to sleep she has to lay on me
having the hardest time figuring out a costume for josh and I
I wish
This looks way more delicious than a store bought cake!! hungry
I know but like the love songs are lit comparing it to tequila? Sign me tf up
Why is this man with a Hyundai talking shit about hellcats boy take your 125 HP ass on
but i wanna go to the fair
Anybody wanna go to longhorn tonight
Damn, bout to be 24
Being at brunch woth another couple and watching them argue is the most awkward shit ever!
How are you so beautiful girl? Tell me you secret Btw Emily Hiii emily!!!!! I have no secrets, i just
Something in my bones said there was something strange about him
I keep having flashbacks of the tamales my tia made the other day they were so fuckin delicious I want some rn
sitting in front my fireplace heater it feel so good
Fuuuuuck that!! I died just looking at this photo
German is sooo hard start learning again in November. Teaching myself is another strain
how can i lose weight but keep these fat cheeks i have right now?
You wanna see me win telling me to do that shit
Bedazzled, the mummy, looney toons. So many good films
No bullshit , dont wanna delete nothing that wanna use again and I cant retrieve it be sick
wait to get back in the gym tomorrow 4 weeks is waaay too long
I and Miss U Sasha So Much Illysm!!!
Lol please start
Don't look like I'm gonna get this shiny
I think sometimes honestly my own worst enemy
Red got 2K19 for her Birthday we gone be juss like that video if she try me Deleting her Player Perioddd
My Bestfriend birthday is Saturday we are going up. Periodddd
Aww wish I could I work Monday- Friday
At this point, i need an assistant
I miss you girly
Different countries you know the struggle lol
It ruined me. a perv .. the shit into now is
Having to turn on your alarm again after holidays is probably one of the worst feelings ever
ass so phaaatt
Main Mast Hope You Are Good Tu Toh Bhul Hi Gayi Apne Ko
I want some souse
Tuesday I find out
Ohhhh yesss oh n her skin just perfection
Ugh not again prayers going up for him!
honestly
Friday was my sweetest day & I got my ate good asf
She so pretty bruh
I ordered plenty food. hope not pregnant again
I need your heart, time, and loyalty
Oh so you started this
Wow, ME I Wanna Have To Share SHIT Right Now
This Waffle House coming in so clutch
Same, already tired tomorrow
I NEVER sleep this late how you know I was tired usually up round 8 or 9 lol
I want some Cajun or
even know why wasting on this chinese because I canny taste a single thing
Yo. I'm so pooped
got about 4 stone to lose Think I will give it a go.
It doesn't make any damn sense that this man is so beautiful
Grey's Anatomy
Laying up with your guy & he dont wanna be on every scene feels even better
Highlights of my weekend: misplaced my debit card & wristwatch
Damn I believe October is almost over
my skin is breaking outtttt
Why does absolutely no one live near me
We looked so good
I am craving koi palace soooo bad
Sargon killed it
when I really have a taste for something you cannot tell me no
Just let it go man
How one person spend so much in Walmart. I hate Walmart.
When dude boy texting me I be sooo Bored . I need a life
My mom last night was chugging henny bottles w 24 yr olds while also telling them to back up off me cus she
Get out the way , Get our the way Get our the way yo. You really with me or against me though .
Yogurt has to be one of the best things ever created
What was he going through in 2012 tho lmaoooo
Lmao you really on bs with me. We can do it today then
Okay now about to make me cry and blush
they dug up his tweets from 2012
Grilling today
like so attached to my man.. I hate being away from him
hungry asf
Ya
GIFTS TO HIS DONOR CLASS IN THE MITCH TRUMP REPUBLICAN DONOR TAX CUT ACT
I need to have another photo shoot ASAP I gotta couple different ideas
dreading this drive back to tech
I need a good place to eat rn
why does big brother have to be on so late this series got me like...
I hope not my favorite movie series of all time
This Was Such a Hard Pregnancy for Me I had to stay positive the whole time
I actually found something for selca day!! It's terrible though sorry I like the be aesthetic though
I love music bra everything
ready to get to Houston I just want go home
House me and feed me
Yes I did, a couple of times just gross to me he found it funny
hair needs to be cut, I have this unibrow growing in... like I just really look homeless
Lmao nah they not foreal
My Old Friend Wanna Take Me Out My Hair Look Terrible
Yeah me either, oh wait
Dem noh dey rush us
This juice wrld and future album hits
CODY KESSLER IS SUPPOSED TO DO WHAT
up with all trading going on you guys are really doing us like that really letting go of too
I just ordered BBQ ... and I honestly cannot wait .
my second mommy really loves me that lady gone be around forever
This new i.d shit has put me in a bad situation
Aw her name
literally always getting sick.
Eye contact is a god
Dream x YFN LUCCI
Right wtf Lebron on smh
I just want my man, bruh
do braces hurt ? im reconsidering
soul food or tacosss ? I want both
Oh please love you more! so likable and lovable and real
I'm physic too I SWEAR
Sung this song to the top of my lungs
My eyes heavy rn
Who remembers that feeling of pulling your tooth out as a kid ? Remember you had to keep twisting it until it tore from the gum
Who wants to go with me to key west dying to go so bad
I want an apartment and a dog, to be financially stable and at peace with myself while figuring everything out.
girl these bitches don't got no life
She always need attention . It irks the hell out of me I think I ever was a fan of her
Is it weird that I want to live in your dimples
me all winter
fuck it you only live once
Kinda want to come to Ireland for the simple fact I want to meet him so bad
I'm one of the winners firm yesterday too Alert koiti wole o
me forgetting about the fic and watching vids of boy meets evil and stigma why am i such an mess
College got my eating habits so fucked up, but I will get the body I deserve after I graduate
so sad
I got a big ass head
believe next month makes 4 years my dad has been gone. Feel like just yesterday he was picking me and the girls up from plaza
Filling heads up with foolishness A Tiger skinned T-Rex now? A Badger T-Rex?! Blud.
pushing it
just tryna spoil somebody and be spoiled
Over this school shit.. May 4th please hurry
Lewis... please just leave it
Not working & My Bd Gone But Mommie Got Job Done & My Baby Has All She Needs Plus More
Back to work tomorrow
Brother Nature man
I can't even sleep peacefully
I need answers
There is no way I could live somewhere by myself, so lonely
I am in the bed
Doctor Mike is so hot
I can understand the frustration with antis I mean if I stan EXO I wd be mad too
I know I was red till I got to high school
Was all over by then. Totally pointless
I wish
PLEASE just want a datenight lol
Killing my daddy ppl left & right . I just ask that my daddy & uncles stay out the way cause they kids need them
Me too cousin
trade my old gut & butt combo over this new one anyday and i used to complain about being 125
Trust me! searched my old too but I mean
war on Saturday
I wore heels for 4 hours yesterday and my feet & legs hurt so bad today
Nah what the hell has Winnie done pls? everyone always coming for her
I wait to have children.
yesss
Dead ass i forgot to tie my hair up lastnight. only like this *snaps finger* long so sticking straight up
Course I am !! let's agree to disagree
I need to do something with my hair
I need some money
I want some chocolate ice cream
In major need of getting my hair done
22nd July on Netflix was something else
Right.
right in the kokoro
i'm an army b-but paradise by coldplay is so iconic
Can make a come back plz
Fuck im having a crush on someone younger than me!
My Australian friends get so excitedand happy when I speak Spanish and I love and appreciate them so much rn
Patriots about to spank us
Harry:
: The Mick Jagger of this generation
really trying to get myself together with this fitness shit. I need to stop playing
no way
SORRY , I just thought these were cute
Lord I see what doing for others..
done whooped my ass so fye.
I feel so dizzy and sick rn my man the best cusssss
damn namjoon
& it was plenty trade snacks at church this morning
I eat just to drink,
i need a new tattoo asap
Aight lemme go run some sprint & warm up my arm right quick
Bawling
World
all Summer innuh, now they Bad Under Water
streaming?! Need channels to watch
so tired and I have to go work a whole other shift
I really love butter
my alarm goes off in 10 mins ready to go to work lord
enough wine for that
My just showed up fine as hell Send him back! I'm hungry for something else
i know girl so jealous of you happy for you though!!
Omg it feels so good to vape fruit flavors again
Why she had to let her titties out they not even throwing money
I been shopping in so long and I want everything I see
This mosquitos need to knock it off tired of all this itchy bites
Longest eyelash class everrrrrr
R.I.P. to my princess
wait for you to meet him u deserve it so much
They know how to pronounce it they were saying Vope
I appreciate your admiration honestly
turn up for me too sis
My thoughts when tired are truly on some other shit.
I quit both my jobs since I start my new one this week and been bored all weekend
How expensive is fuel getting btw? Over per litre of diesel in some places
I mustered up the energy to make some omelettes. Now, Netflix and napping. My friends kicked my ass this weekend.
i love crushed ice soooo much
The fever is real
RT It my fault ppl love me man
??? Nah it's DEFINITELY Digits real Slimes know!
I Eat Over 140 Rice Krispies Treats in a Month So Addicted To Them things Ridiculous
I wait to take pictures like this
I still feel so relaxed from it idk why I got the opposite feeling from all of
Thinking about s*x and I realized been listening to gospel this whole time
... wow nothing bores me like cooking I get annoyed as soon as I start I respect people who love it! That thing is annoying
Need to go ahead and get this membership with Planet fitness and stop playing
if i tweet this, imma hurt some feelings.
Just being able to hold her kiss her & eat her pussy is the best thing
I just want a bouquet of flowers once in my life
I will
more so a sedan person. i want a sporty sedan like the GLI or the S4.
i just made black bean burgers with fried eggs, cheese and pickles on toasted buns with sweet potato fries
A dream of mine is to go on tour as a dancer
Popeyes On Kings Rd Is Beyond Slwo Asf
I actually found something for selca day!! It's terrible though sorry I like the b & w aesthetic though
Yes nigga you are damn shame man come on now lmfao
We finally feeling the baby move !
there is no better instrument
Alright I HAVE to go see the Twilight Saga in theaters tonight
It feel so good outside I wish i was off
My head is still on 1000
But can people stop hating on him?
believe I Wake up until 2:00 PM . [ Censored Name ] had me ALL fucked up Ainn even wanna Leave
I literally be having time to go by and see anyone while in SC seems like time go by so quick !
This shit be real the thought that people eat up this shit physically hurts
but i eat like a fat man shit in the way
Sigh is right
off jumpol with piercing??? indeed a papi
I heard jealous you went
Every hour with him feels like a second
my car needs a full detail inside and out
I was reminded last night just how hot Kesha is
This energy
There's no plug socket near my bed so i can't tweet whilst laying here
be rich tea
i have to admit, i still listen to sabrina claudio on the low
my nomin fa is all done the only thing i need rn is confidence to actually post it
Anyone have their heat on? freezing. Just trying to make sure my iron just low or something
show me your love
I can not wait until this month of October is OVER
My heart
My cousin travels the world almost every month lmao must be nice
Shit I forgot to do my homework I think I won't be winning BOU this year
The dumpster fire rages. And here I thought a corner had been turned just several weeks ago.
Some of the stuff say on here I be knowing if yall hoes or just dumb
I literally just went to the grocery store and brought hella snacks but no food
my bestfriend is literally like my real sister she always come through no matter what I love her so much
O Spamsio ei obe of' meldans, bb toto itand os ma e naidduo pkn
just woke to my mom watching my interview on youtube where i talked about doing coke and morphine
Thank you, a bit wide for me though which gutted about
wanna be at work rn I just wanna be in my bed
I feel soo betrayed
When the kids were little
I luv being ignored, its the best feeling ever
All my babies we turning 25 next year
Powerful episode
manila has all the good food
Be wanting to just give up young
LMAOOOOO i was wondering how their shit even showed up there fucking birds lmaooooo
just try not to ugly cry
Whew thank god I deleted my other acc
Yes please & TAKE YA TIME ON IT
Not Brother Nature
annoyed read this think right
So beautiful
Your website seems to be broken! Are you aware?!
Lol the way you lie
oh got brother nature stan twitter remains undefeated
all they think about is food
Legs
Someone get this fool back asap
Im dead
We stop any TE
Oh when your whole family is ready to go to the pumpkin patch, but your child decides he needs a long nap at that exact moment
Wow me why you!
After yesterday a massage would make me get on BOTH knees
I really might take that offer in North Carolina I need a fresh start
Nani was really rocking with her mommy last night.... we get home until 2 this morning
I wanna straighten my hair but all this rain
I went to 11am service and they got another program so here at the other program
I just cried so hard
I have the worst hangover. I hang anymore
Time for a fill in
i have a huge problem controlling my facials
She really tried to cook a raw chicken in the microwave bc she thought it was healthy lmao these Americans are
know it was possible to have soooo many skin allergies ffs
I just want to eat then sleep all day
Halloween Costume Party
my sick ass just wanna be babied
i run around in circles and make myself dizzy
that shit be having me Sleepy
had hot cheetos in months and i just want some but my wait almost over
I be good til I see videos like that & realize my life semi sucks right now
Made such a perfect little baby.. I stare at him all day
I miss hearing Chivalry Is Dead (on the radio).
A FAVE!
I wish I would have went to FAMU or NC A&T for undergrad
Literally
Almost off
Once again repeat is underrated where are so I can you Twitter
3 years
I'm so hungry. This pork roast is cooking all day so it's all I smell through the house
this movie messed me up but it was amazing!
Same
Sounds Good To Me
i just want to get hiiiiigh
you eating that dick uupp
I need to start back playing asap
Bra wtf is the jaguars doing
really starting to think something wrong with my stomach & killing me..
Smart. I also just remembered that I usually just spray my bundt pan.
I just wanted to lay down and watch the Saints game
nooooooooooo ! Banksy !!!! Why !?!?!? WTF !?!?
Its so much food i gave up all because sis dont like it
indeed a papi
Learning this on guitar. Please pray for my strumming hand
This class is almost exclusively project players which is SICK
Awww I understand boo. Shit my ass might be on your side tonight anyway
I don't ever want to be taken for a poes
Currently living off 2 hours sleep and being made to go to a pub quiz
Why is the internet like this!?
Just trying to get this dude to notice me.
King size is worst
This is so soft. I wish more conventions would invite her.
been going through a lot lately
Slept all day at work I have to do better
stop he makes me so fucking soft like lOoK at his eyes and the way eating
no idea how to do my makeup*
Confession :
I only go to parties for the little smokies and meat balls
A QB that can get it done with his feet when the passing game there is the key to my heart Mitch can do it all
just really need my eyelashes done
I wish I could move coming very soon though
21) Favorite picture from an event
There are SO MANY ridiculous gonna go with this one
Well shit lemme know
mad as shit we just finding that out tho
All I wanna be doing today is loungin on the couch watching Wentworth
Same it was terrible
going to get me some kinky curly clip ins but upset because going to have to color them to match my hair
I thought I told you I had one coming up you even want to see the decorations I did
What a luck that I'm blocked by her, that way I don't have to see her bullsh*t
Lmao you know I mind. Specially that cheesecake
I actually need to start doing this, in a sucker for a creative guy
I hate that I have to leave to go back to school tomorrow
I had it the other day and wanted to cry cuz it even taste good
Gilbert in that scene with the dad whose son was ran over. That monologue by the woman who had
I really want to
The lashes ?
Tfw your mans voice is crispy asf
why am I so awkward
My ship
Niggas are still on snap smoking baby blunts I deal
I be writing for people all the time though I be so honored like
Not much just a laundry list of things to do in Destiny this week that get completely done
stop playin
Yours and mine both smh. She laid down and popped back up like you.
I want to go to a basketball game.
I believe Deighsyn lied on me like that, really nigga?
Looking for a outfit for my Baby is so hard
waiting for the sponza to response
I wanna be cuddled up w my man rn off sum Henny
I just need some love, tired of fucking with these lame niggas
But I need access to those I neeeeeed them lol
I hate when my feet get cold. literally nothing warms them up
Old tweets are the death of everything. Oh Brother Nature
So exhausted
really down over this tweet.
Omg Jessica
Food taste even more better when you don't pay for it Shout-out Sami gyro yes they the real MVP
I was just getting change for a customer and I pulled out a $1 with a fake eyelash stuck to it I have officially seen it all
Yani need to come to nac for a weekend and set all of this up.
I Wanted Too But Someone Was Always Missing
Aww Jeezo ok give it a try thanks babe!! Xx
I don't binge that
what I've been trying to tell you
are they for real?
Need too
i hate that i can lay in bed literally all day
Never & I wanna try it so bad!!
My Baby Getting Shots Tomorrow
I wanna let go of meat but so hard
When you freak out thinking just followed you on Twitter & realize a troll account
Mi madre de joven . Tengo los peores genes
Hopkins bopped him on the head. Lol the disrespect
I always have dreams getting attacked by something or someone
My phone been on DND all week
Nigga you have my number... How dare you expose me like this on Twitter? Now I even tell you
Damn someone made it sound like it that bad but this shit is horrible
And just like that Brother Nature was cancelled
My grandma Just left
body straight tired
She got a body I dream to have
you followed and unfollowed me
sorry babe
They were playing all the throwbacks last night
I understand this industry too much but this was hilarious
Yall mad at brother nature for sayin "white power" But let vince McMahon say "wud up my nigga" wit no issues!
Said no one ever. Especially when it's 19.55 and Sunday feels like Monday
They left the whole game in Korea. Ugh, what mEsSES
reading it day by day. and ima look up a time around 4 pm. on duty so I have to be back in the building by 9 pm
just one weekend with my boyfriend is no where near long enough
I been eating since I woke up
That face you make when Monday in a few hours ...
.
Why are the weekends never long enough?!
.
We hope
Love and miss your face
I just got to work & I want this bread.... I want my bed
This is insane
I believe he did that they really hate each other
I need business cards
Drives me insane
The Monday feeling is kicking in
Koi toh rok lo
what thinking.. you know Gwinnett gone shut everything down til they find him or his friend snitch
someone retweeted it and we loved your crackhead tweets and the rest is history
One more flight to go. almost home
Help. crying.
I'm mad bc I was like "I wished this song was longer" and now I'm just now finding it thank youu~
The females out here getting it and the men out here borrowing and complaining. Oh how times have changed
Who
ready to go homeeee and stay home for the rest of the day
forreals I aint stopping though
Mitch is 8-20
Nooooo, I was just too late to buy the tickets for ruel on ticketswap
I know man tryna find the right price and I need it asap
My new growth is vicious
Really tho
Listen. Tears the whole time
i mean i guess lol. i like him but damn always something
The fear of falling apart
These super skinny brows were really a thing
Today is my birthday I miss her oh so much but i sent her whatever she asked for
I just got it, and there's soo many updates
Will take an eternity until I can
Why tf I sleep? May exam pa me tomorrow huhu
Lmao its a gift from god
Story of my life
emergency appointmet later tsss ayoko pa naman pumunta sa bgc hays
buy Hazard for him to give me 1 point na
Aww bless I missed it
The best! & you should be the new spokesperson for them lol you got the
trying to get this masters so i can leaveeeee
Finals next week so the library and work will be the only 2 places be other than my bed homecoming
I wanna watch beetlejuice. I love that movie
Why am I just now knowing that the pizza hut in new kgn delivers?
When you have to take a vacation from your vacation ... having myself a spa day today
I turned off 20 min in episode 1.
you beauty
Omg diese Szene, kompletter mental breakdown
I even argue and my older brother is Michael lmaoo
my baby be gone this long no more
still waiting for follow
Im so damn hungry but i do not wanna take my baby out in this air
Feel shit, look shit, everything is just shit at the moment
watching it rn
Wow my baby done threw up all in the store
Oh you here when L.urel stans tried it with her?
Seaonal depression is real!! I want my summer back
Do we live the same life or? I was just thinking about this last night
Im praaayying that he just bought the account of some racist white kid that had a bit of a following
I love you fatass haha I swear, why do I gain so much weight when I suck dick
ily2
I was so fucked Up lastnight
Noo it be dangerous
I fr have an addiction to iced coffee
A sugar daddy would be nice. He just want no sugar.
I was hungryyyy
My favorite view was this on top of Mount Scott. hoping the universe lets us be
This
2 Ferrari's and Mad Max behind Lewis
What have I done
I fall for that smile over and over again
That's how I was with oysters
Could you not of including 7th
Why is yulli like this
all my 5 year old and i do is watch wait to get a new job so i can buy her some of his lipsticks
Shit maaadddd long. Idk if I can do it again
i really miss
I can feel cold season is slowly creeping in..!! feeling bunged up & a sore throat coming on. Just in time for half term
Whew chile the faking is real
JLo always been and will always be fckin cute
Yeah...unfortunately he keeps throwing rocks at Democrats here and there when we are texting
I think allergic to my job because every time im here I get sick like a dog
I know!
Take a hot bath! Epson salt does wonders
he probably out there somewhere being
Indeed he is . then his eyes
Lmao how tf do u wipe ur ass? U gotta get up
wow I had any in so long
You See
i want brunch
This week is about to be so long and tiring
do it for the vine
admit I had concerns about it being but it was perfectly executed. That ending broke me
I wanna know wtf be going on in his head
Jamal losing Kai is so mf sad! Like he just win
back inter
Ohhh Nacional Vs. Once
I fucking know man, I even do anything this time but sound got someone on it
still mad I had to settle for royal farms sub and had wawas
Lmaoooo true them lil badass kids suck
<- when I have to hang blood on a patient, so be able to watch the game for 15 min
<- when I
Had to flex Kearse. He might cost me a victory this week
exhausted i had a full weekend, and now i gotta go grocery shopping for the
I think i been enjoying this break a lil too much just me, my bed, my dog and Netflix. If only i could do this every day
I love that film
Father God, pls find me a women who can cook
Quick warmup doodle since I was away from my iPad this weekend. Feels good to be back
I want longer hair
What if y'all found all my old tweets about liking lightskin men Omg
I can't even fit these outfits I brought my feelings so hurt
charmed tonight
i need somebody sick of my shit
Oh wow. The Internet really doesn't forgive
I got a link but it says it's been revoked
Literally cannot wait for the anime - i really hope it's given the justice it deserves and they don't rush it!
not happy to see tweeting, it means not on the next challenge needs to be a better manager.
I need a plug in danbury . Help ya girl out
Kan please
survive brother ! 2 minutes to spare this morning but okay :,)
God please tell me that
Can it be Thanksgiving, I just want some baked mac& cheese
Bears got a QB
The ACC has as many ranked teams as the American..
I suffer from this
so in love with the new iphone
Then to Home Depot for plastic for these windows
We had a heart to heart this morning. He never leaving me and not leaving him . So any bitch waiting on
I need some FYEEEEE HEAD
Desperate to go to Wilmington in march
Neeeed a coffee
Call myself going to see kk and remember where they buried him at
How are you fine asf in every picture ?
Lol not you guys of course you guys my bros
I'm so not ready
Omg this is so cute to me
everytime i doze off he call me thats just my cue fr to get up and stop being lazy
This house a mess
Toast. This sucks.
blueface got dat mf THANG on him
So the weekend is actually over, like over
Someone should surprise me na, even if its 1 thousand naira 0097799981, Micheal Edet Okon, Diamond Bank.... God
The Bears are exposing the Patriots defense
okay so that live broadcast was 35 minute long
I want crabs or brunch with mimosas
Sin Thompson, sin Crowder, sin P Rich. A quien chingados le va a tirar Alex Smith?
Feel Too Good To Be Off
I ordered a dress for my Halloween costume and praying it comes by Friday
i be having to much on my mind
Why did a porn acc follow me immediately after I rt-ed that Dick Grayson picture???? Calm down that's his name you nasty fuck
Thought my oven committed suicide
so hungry can somebody please bring me some food to work
I hear from you in forever stank
How trynna be this weekend
Omg I love this
Only thing I have to do is start my paper
Damn some shrimp alfredo from Olive Garden sounds so good rn
crying how can people not love kids tho
Brother Nature locked his account, so it's true I thought they were framing him
Encourage Yourself
I made a mistake on my ticket ... I picked San Fran instead of the rams
I just want a bond never fold
soon as i was almost deep into my nap
The girls in my dance class nicknamed me DHQ Lemon
Oh hellll naw!! My ex husband completely violated my personal space In the 6 years that I have been living in
My carving skills are as rusty as my Spanish and German right now
That pineapple patron though not fcking with it no more
Yes Gotta try and be strong for her
Well nothing says sprints like my face when I get on and my face when I get off but the
I think I'm getting a cold, ugh
I still gotta wash clothes and take Dior hair out
Bitches With No Car Be Everywhere!!! LIKE bitch , HOW U GET OVER HERE
Everything and Anything and generally causing Chaos
My dad is so mad at me I HATE IT took the biggest L yesterday
My best friend just called and the tears started flowing been a long 3 months.
I hope they tell me how many ponds my baby is tmr
I know the actor left to do the OC but zack was lowkey such a downgrade after Dave not even look-wise just personality!!!
Why I post a URL link to Instagram!? so annoying.
going to let me guard down and be honest...I have stretch marks
Who else wants to say goodbye to those jerks
Was really down for the pumpkin patch with Layla
Omg when coming back I love it here .
Obsessed w. Mrs. products.. is this what getting old feels like
so tired
They got Brother Nature
true lol I need something man my tv stand looks empty without one
This hibachi is bringing my soul backkk
Why is everyone I love problematic?
You gotta catch that
Hahaha miss these days thanks em!!xx
Thank GOD Camila online and see this Imagine if she saw it and tried to do something how embarrassing
spill some tea about it's been 1000 days
I still decide which color I want to try
Ugh.
You're a sight for sore eyes. Can I text you? If you want to
Brit Erik and Moni trying drink and pour my heart out to them
Kiah walked in with a vibrator
Wishing I had a bae to watch Netflix with me!!
Neeeee man! Do we seriously have to wait a full 7 days
Well done team! Ep 2
God is sooo good so happy I made a B in anatomy I was an almost straight A student but I have to admit that class is hard!
Bless Charles, over the moon and so so lovely to see roll on next week!
I don't think my 3 have any plans to find out what it's for,they're all still living at home at 31,27 and 23
What do to have a peanut chew right now. They only sell them up north though
Lol I hate when Mfs be trying to mind everybody business but they Own
We are running out of Running Backs
Brought 2 coats today .. & struggling with myself to not get the third
I heard that movie was terrible idk if I wanna pay for it or not
Finally starting to get better from my cold! send tributes - I swear money helps heal everything
beginning to fall in love with Anatomy
Finally starting to get better from my cold! send tributes - I swear money helps heal everything
believe my boy out her wildin like this like bro this even you give em another week
I want to try Olive Garden
The Rondo/CP3 fight took all the attention from the fact that DRose was last night.
Lol hear this fucker like u on 6/7
I seriously miss
and then 12 in the new year (for some)
I literally left all my winter clothes at home
whys everyone saying Diplo is a bottom i always thought he was a top
rub it in!
They have been waiting! Lol it had to have been sis who tweeted, I the only one who finds Brother Nature
Cheer me up
That smacked last night
Idk how its possible for my 2 year old to have so much energy
Lonzo fancy any of that got to backing your teammates
not alone.
i wanna watch Halloween
I'm sending u one ASAP but imma have to practice this song coz it's hard
choose confuse me the more
they fighting, | vs
That's me since August. Physically that is. But ever since October started I've been mentally drained
Rory honestly has the most comfortable bed I keep my eyes open & only 8pm
My face is hurting
ugh idk who got 613 hair on hand
I got one yet
bout to just delete all my tweets. pull up everything . Dang brother nature... nobody is safe
no, not brother nature
Don't you just want to give Bentley a giant hug!? From Hyde Park, VT.
I wanna start my baby girls room so bad
Yung leflime he in siko moad
agree to disagree
I need some head
The urge to constantly order takeaways is real
Inidima just killls me every time with her style ..Damn girlll ..Loveee her
I think ever barfed so violently and done some bad barfing
going around 7 and either Woodbridge or Springfield & I hope the movie good
I love to but I baby
you the real MVP. I tell you enough!
& bringing a surprise
Ohhh how I missed being on Twitter
I just want to be babied rn
Ate twice already & starving again then I wonder why so fat
Spent all afternoon watching only fools and horses
Wanted to take my nephew but I changed my mind b/c I wanna drink
I wait till tomorrow
All talk about is relationships
even okay with just the dodo
Why is it getting hot again outside???? What happened to the nice cold weather we were having!
baecation me please but first i need a bae
Probably because of colonization
I just cried watching Doctor Who Such a good episode... best seen in a while!!
I just like my hair REAL HAIR
I AM STILL THINKING OF THIS, BUT WHY LAHH THURSDAYYY
Getting some or not always been soo open to talk about sex .. I just love sex sad man
I feel like somebody pulling my guts out my stomach
how is it already 3AM
Hair appointment booked
Nail appointment booked
Lash appointment booked
& my bags are almost packed completely
All my money goes towards food
I real life feel like doing anything today
Got so much work to do and tired
Why am I so tired
wait to spoil my honey for Christmas
Not one to wish my life away but like it to be next Sunday so I can pick up my car
I want to spend the rest of my days on a beach
This was a year ago omg I still remember when I was a fan of the twins good times
Nooooooo not brother nature
Wish Netflix was on sky already, be arsed to move off sofa and go set it up on Xbox
I knew i had to be late cause he have a few albums
I looked up a dose of colors single shadow and now their ads pop up every 2 seconds!! getting harder and harder to resist
In so much pain I could cry but just done me tan
Damn him love his momma baaad
. I never fold bruhh
TFW your boyfriend misses his flight home and you gotta spend the rest of the day together
I can never take a nap before work always so hard
oh bathong what's the name of this jam some 90s house track
I was there.. yes it did swerve off no idea why. Everyone left in amazement cost me
I need to know when this happens
ay yo forfeit
step inside my fucking fortress
DIDIOSLSNNIJ , it be ARMYs cause we need to save $$$$ for albums and singles babe ..
Mood
Just finished a 12 hour shift, headed home for tea and
Wow!
Still at this game
Craving French bread
The majority of my money goes towards food
more shoots like this pls
At least her complexion is finally set in. my caramel baby.
Tell me about it. dreading it!! Gotta set up my account with the water company etc this week
I apologized but I'm not happy I did it.
I really need to find a GREAT ass nail tech in jersey ASAP! 4yrs in the state & I still found one
Smh shame on you lol
I hate quarter finals and I have to study over the weekend.
I need to lose 20 pounds by February for my vacation
Hate to say it, but i like crazy.. only to a certain extent tho
I hate leaving my house when cold out I just wanna be a lazy ass bitch
When u drink off the stash already
Just gotta get thru this work week
Its kinda to cold for me
wait to get my brows, nails & feet done on my bday like damn all excited for lmaoooo
Sis that one is straight from the Devil's ass.
I can't
Also, glad finally found something to watch that I find scary again cause i wtch much that nothing makes me scared anymore
Guys Alex left to Ecuador this morning for 3 weeks and sick af for the first time without my mom or him around
That barely touchdown
Why does everything that I want to eat have to be more than an hour away I want food from bistro in
idk what I wanna eat
Folks talkin bout me hosting thanksgiving at my house. I need to start cleaning today
My Friends Are Coming Wednesday I Wait
FINALLY got my phone back on but I lost all my numbers and pictures wtf
why why why why whyyy
It feels so good outside
His car just like broke. 7th retirement of the season
or when people around
Nigerian mothers shout by default but talk when they are angry
It was so bad. I am still ashamed 20 years later.
This is the type of love I need
your album is amazing
Tbh tbh, I shit. stay away from
Girl I relate so hard to this and ILY2 especially all of your amazing art
The weekend always goes so quick
I just got real excited thinking this was a mashup
Literally wanna leave work just to get my nails done then come back..
Yesterday was fun but now struggling to get up for work && 3
Liking hella girls pictures while in a relationship is sooo disrespectful idc idc
trying my best
got a 3 hour drive planning to leave this evening.
These Charlie horses refuse to leave me alone
Wtf his account is private now, what I miss???
I really be mad !!
Aye putting all my eggs and emotion in this Clemson game if we win life gone be lit but if we lose I may never recover
Two of my coworkers started a groupchat i woke up to so many text guess they dragging me out my house today.
I hate tha the tangela stan pathetic freaks are making me defend fayleigh and fessy.
Taking my ass outside because bored
That's twice we dropped INTs in the redzone
Never a Red Sox fan but I can drop the giants and become a patriots fan for you
Tell me about it
I have 2 girl cousins my age, our relationship use to be so tight when we were younger
start this again smhhh
All the workout classes people be having be at night when I work
I need to get my hair done. so scared going to fall out if not done
Ready for girlfriend right now
I be starving after church
Tried on my favourite trousers for next weekend and absolutely devastated that they are now too small for me
still waiting for you to come and mend it
Retail therapy is so real and so dangerous
She well. Just waiting
that time again
I wish Collin loved me and hopefully Grayscale will be back soon
The entire phone fell out my hand
He really is that artsy boyfriend type huh
WHY God WHY is my news feed full of news articles about Deepika's upcoming wedding?????
I believe I forgot to add my first ever idol
THIS will happen if you stop going to thy gym!
Lunch w/ at HuHot and then nap time. Back to work tonight
Going on two months with no nails
trying to get fine like you babe.
Twitter around when I was a kid
So now Colby has decided scared of the dark when he goes to bed and just
Glued to the grand prix and the better half there a film on or
went to sleep early & woke up earlier than usual getting so much more done this morning. Why I just make this a habit
I really need to find some good deals on sweat suits for my kid I refuse to pay almost $85 dollars for just one
Paschals w/ family trying to avoid the high end gays
My granny speaks Spanish English and German and she teaching my baby and messing his English all up
show me your ways lol
My dad so annoying he calls me i answer so he text me
Ya better leave my baby alone !! Always tryna knock someone when they all the way up !
I want a baby
ugh this is my dream trip
I know u fkn lying your whole account is problematic
she said she grew up.
Orijin in
Nothing out
rather have quality than quantity
is really living her best life in Bali. hella jealous
Hace mucho calor
I have only 3 more episodes
Only bad thing about work is ironing shirts on a Sunday evening because you wake up early enough to do it in the morning
Bitchs pussy doing none of these tricks 20 years ago.. all that squirting an creaming just came out the blue
have nobody to talk too
I miss my boyfriend so much.
The amount of cellulite I have.
Oomf funny af when vibing but get a topic to mutt the TL & I be ready to unfollow. Again
I Wanna Stop Eating Meat
so hard to get the days going on a Sunday this is supposed to be my lazy day
oh how starting to love
i really would cry if I have edges
why Andrew gotta ask are & then dip for 3 days
I think I need a nap
I wanna chill with her SO BAD
I want Taco Bell
To stay in or to go out
Going outside with my dumb ass
I missed you we are tearing SC DOWN in December, lawyer bae!!
Guyssssssss I missss ouat!!!!!
Nigga this weekend fucked me up
I think time for short hair. LOL
I wait till 3:30 I been at work since 11:30 lasnite and I still gotta come back in 8 more hours I stg I live here
caiden is sooo busy and hype not calm & quiet
Gotta get used to my Sunday afternoons without Titan
your work out routine
BRING IT BACK PLEASE
I fucking LOVE shameless! (Deep sigh and sobbing) idk wat do if it ever goes away
This was me an hour ago. Father Lantom, Daredevil Season 3.
and i was just speaking to my parents about you yesterday oh how much they liked you now how the hell do i tell them this..
Money
I wanna work but I also need money so I have to work but I wanna
I Want Some Wings But Iont Wanna Pay For Them
I wanna go to Chuck E. Cheese just for the pizza
x1000 lo... I was hoping nothing would happened to her dad cause I was gonna lose it.
It's so embarrassing
I got a big ass nail in my tire
home & so tired
And just like .... CATCH/INTERCEPT the GD in the end zone!! 2 missed opportunities FFS
why I always try going back there only once a year.
Seriously missing being up
Why is she so perfect
Let alone hang the towel rail I still picked up the towel
Why guys feel disgusted at themselves when they be mad thirsty for bitches they even know that
Judge not sis. Judge. Not.
My Nina asked me: your soul food?
Me: in New York
not
My ghost be tweeting
Me getting on my flight to Berlin
Can someone tagged me in what tf is going on?? lost
One of my friends from america
Has the most lazy day today ever slept and ate
Pfft having a meltdown
me so much!! muhfckin bag lady
2012 and earlier twitter so so different
But you know i will fight ever allegations for you like fk that my bro was hacked
I hope he was trolling. The coon shit cool though.
Cleaning
Angel sat up there & talked about foo , I wanted it , & the line around the building
I just want something real
especially such beautiful animals like elephants I could never have the heart to hunt
i need to go to sleep i gotta be at work at 9
Did anyone else lose a bunch of photos with the iOS update? I went from 1,400 to 636 where did my pics go
damn i rlly wanted it to be ariana
A hurt female & her hoe friend is the worst combo them bitches be tryna raise hell
This was something else Two minutes later and it could of been still shook but so glad to hear the
man these used to smack
over at my grandmas and making the most bomb blueberry pound cake
I wait for pictures of Taehyung in front of the Eiffel Tower all happy
in Asia 3 for glow tonight . . . . . . . . . the most boring location ever.
I could burst with pride right now
Ain stalking no nigga shit , ain worried bout nun . so damn relieved this shit feel good to be worry free
3 years ago man. I wanna go back to this. Shit was so much simpler
Losing Kwon is going to hurt...
craving marshmallows
I feel like going to work today
at work absolutely kill me off. My body is dead and to make matters worse hurt my knee and idk how?
They really hacked the bro
Jennny spending money won't make you feel better
But it sure will make you look cuter
Takes about 3 years to grow an inch
Why is there a Popeyes right next to me after I finish going to the gym
Wtf I stop coughing why
this next tattoo session come any slower
Why I have clear skin what am I doing wrong!!!? Someone help
good
I need to wash my hair but I have the energy
hi i love your eyes so much + so pretty ??? you legitimately look like an angel
really really really reaaaalllly no ready for it to be a new week yet stop the clock
Imma watch The Haunting of Hill House, and it better be as good as say. Cause cappppp for twitter
Can't even argue with this cos this is totally me and I'm a female.
Fake news still gross
I guess so, it just bothers me so much! absolutely no reason for her to go through my draws I get it
Yallpleaseeeee watch this!!! Omgggg!!!
Wowww So Brother Nature is a Nazi rat huh... Canela sweetie, I'm sorry that dumbass bitch ever came near you
Sad!! No one can make mistakes out here
so stuffed
The grind is real
YOU CANTTTT!!!! You told me that the first time you did it
Wouldn't wish tooth ache on my worst enemy
I miisss them Drake & josh .
I want some bubble tea.
oh mannnn, this has me dying
I need to go lay in front of my pink Himalayan salt lamb
Really mind working Sunday nights the restaurant but just hate being all wrapped up in blankets and having to leave
I want a snowball from Pelicans been craving one
im so sick of this 7plus i want the x max so bad.
ima be late to karter party i need a nap before i go
I pray tyres go to the end
My mum keeps going mad coz I keep staining the bathroom purple if u know u know
Really wanna get tatted today
Omg that sounds so good
Omg so sorrrrry just realizing
Lucky I crossed the 40 mark, with Madison left to play
Aw my heart
Looool true
I really wanna go see the movie The hate you give
I feel good I just want food and just wanna lay down
I believe I cracked my phone. I want a NEW One
met a Gemini last night and all I kept thinking was lordt please do this to me again
wow my wire just was cutting my cheek tf up
why they look so good
so beyond stressed like fuck nothin is working the way they should hopefully things with get
These Crab Legs Are Gonna Buss This Weekend
I felt that one for Ciara.
7 chapters in 3 hours...
where did melanin go wrong
final performance today Los Angeles, California
I LOVE MONEY like ion need a nigga for SHIT really... i just want a nigga on the same shit on all,
Sweetest start at soon as I touch back
We gotta get back to that, but one is married and lives far away, and so do the other
Got some food and jai now I can finally enjoy my Sunday
Ion ever be posting pictures on here
I wait to get my apple watch
Fuck. This is the best Bloody Mary ever had
On me terrible.
Girl huh?! You just made me scared cus I left my car in Gram for the weekend
Everything I own is covered in glitter
this song always makes me so emotional
ready for thanksgiving
i wait to wear cute ass sweaters w/ my riding boots and my middle part closure, feeling all fine and shit November come on bro
How did the same credit card company that fucked my credit for 7 years approve me for another card? They want to kill me so bad
I wait to be all blonde again
TFW you wanna watch tv on your phone and use your phone at the same time
Peat Man
Stop circulating that sad ass photo of Ashanti with her shades all crooked please lol
Babies look soo fat and pudgy in photos when born but are so tiny in personI wait to see my little brother
been invited to travel so many places lately lol excited
About to finally eat and get my life together. alive
Ok, but and I had the best workout buddy bond there ever was. I miss this
I want to go on a carnival cruise for my bday Bahamas or just somewhere.
I went with shara
Mann 2 state troopers and 2 sheriffs i knew it was over
I gotta listen to this whole future and Juice world on the way home. They SNAPPING
Actually stand my food touching like omg noooo
Yessss
Them neck kisses tho
i just saw thankssss ppl wicked.
Im so irritated these pains are fucking me up
6 me please!
Good tips for heartburn???
Game of thrones
Throw it past the first down marker one time
Well they were each so :) x
Not brother nature
sicko mode video really lit but they still could have put swae in it tho so what if he only said
Brunch is toxic behavior unbelievable what just happened
indeed a Swizz, no pineapple in the whole bag! My favourite
My lip , My precious lip
my day getting better already . really thankful
believe the clocks go back next week not ready for it to be dark again at like 5pm
I want salmon so bad but I know not going to make it right UGH
I wish my team would do this
goddamn it, brother nature got milkshake ducked
Wish I was good at Halloween makeup
Communication is key ladies if you feel unappreciated Eye mean if you can open your open up to put is dick in
Someone send me some tripe please
I want to say yeah but I been there in a year
I push people away and let them in to my life the way I should, then I wonder why they leave...stupid girl.
this is the kinda hard I wanna be having!
I wanna go parasailing next weekend Janiya might as well go for her birthday weekend
Like 21 MAYBE lol nigguh live in Penn Estates smh could've been us
No one is being supportive about this
who is yall???
Omg is this legit? Cause if it is I have to go home and cry. He is so, so adorable
My wax lady be so booked shaving is really not ittttt
I want this perfume so bad
finally got carter to go to sleep he been up since 8
Lol you love us & we love you to & wait to see you
but she already follows me
Me too
Hate this time on a Sunday
Broooo what so salty
Where my friends. Tryna smoke before work.
DAY 21: DRAIN
I had to take my medicine so my hand was shaking during the inking process
Sakura having a
Hate that being forage to take a nap right now by this sudoku migraine. I was being resigned todah
paul flinching and wiping his face right after is photoshopped too? lol you see it
baby sneezes are among my top 10 absolute favorite things in the world
They got Brother Nature Listen niggas, when I get on ON deleting this joint with the quickness and I
this beautiful girl just hit me up cos her mans was in my DMs people out here just moving too weird how
Ok, but and I had the best workout buddy bond there ever was. I miss this
Bottoms up and the Devil laughs Omg shaking
I need help finding a topic for my persuasive speech
Man I was so close to winning this $90 in draft kings but not over yet
Shoutout to for driving straight past me at he bus stop
I been watching lifetime since 5 something yesterday and still is these movies good and crazy
I've been using the soy face cleanser bc my aunt gave it to me and it's done wonders..... so expensive though
ANNND I was on time to work today
I will if I get the chance, jk my goat
my first time
Im the same Soph-I need to be colder! I hate being hot! xxx
Same . pants
Need a massage ASAP
the ending was so sad why was that necessary
I really can't wait for next season so we get Charles I'm tired of vettel
i really wanna go see a star is born today
shooot
Ot9 finally
please come back!!!!!!! been lost with you
wish i was there
LMFAOO bring this show tf back. I need to see every rerun
lol listen Twitter be exposing folks i cannot
The weekend way too short
My baby is so spoiled
I started watching Hereditary after I seen that tweet about crazy jaw-dropping But, this shit starts SLOWWWW.
I went to Church today and I really feel so much bettter why is it when you go to church it's like the pastor speaking directly to you
This is hilarious
Kit akang
seriously ready to cut everybody off
When u want to grind for your team and want to win tourneys but ure freakin controller is Broke
Slightly pissed Paloma singing Make Your Own Kind Of Music. Was looking forward to it
One of the only things I hate about Asia is that you can smoke anywhere and everywhere
I don't believe it
when are you going on tour?!!
I have never related more to a song than Karma Kryz. That song will always bring back so much!
I picked up my chain today
Back to work tomorrow
Have to perm my hair today
I Just Get Irritated That Quick
Omg i love tall women
Get the cereal off the fridgharata for me bae
When are theses coming out ??????
I got the munchies but idk what to eat , and I feel like driving
a job itself.
this is why I stay my ass right at home
I need my nails done, and being so lazy
I just want pizza in bed with bags of sweets watching a movie
my credit is so fucked from whenever shianne lived w me like ughhhh i just need good credit.
My craving for an bowl is bad !!
This only has 10 registers open and each line is 20-25 deep or more
only gonna be in the tonight I was considering doing something but idk now lol
I just want to be happy
I get so discouraged when i meet a guy and he tells me from Limpopo
I want to finish this horror/mystery I'm reading but then I'll have nightmares
These pole bruises hurt
I still need to see a Star is born
I hate job searching
Omg going to cry wait for the photos no doubt going to be lit
I swea this must be the new Dr Phil or some
Feel like an old lady with this back pain got
I wish he would do that for me
Sees why Brother Nature is trending
How blow up like that and keep getting exposed? Why these
That was such a touching and important episode. Almost cried at the end
hungry to son
Lmao yes he stole my heart when we were kids and still makes me feel the same
my notifications non stop popping rn i made it girlies
I think going to just stop being scared & just try a frontal
Omg ...
Man I forgot the London game was this week
ready , oh so ready
I know me too Thank you for coming the time that you did .
my birthdayyyyy .... getting old
Nigga used his pretty privilege to survive being homeless
We hopping on this wave too throwing away my rights tomorrow, we not allowed to vote no more,
Starbucks cookies are made with crack convinced
I know this is selfish af, but we deserve this
OMG RUBY ILY ty so much boo! Kunt Tingz all day today
all the time
3rd & 16...3 yard throw!?!???? I understand this play calling
I just want some Popeyes
trying to get big high
I been putting it off for 2 wks
yooo let my band do this and be the loudest one on trombone
Bro who the fuck was I in 2011? These Facebook memories are embarrassing
I knowww, I'm sooo happy for them. He got emotional as well
my week off went by too fast
just waking up and that is not ok
My social security number 040-56-4819 can have it
Some of the phone calls tho but lonely season to be expected I guess. not a doctor I can do naughty nurse tho
even cope with not being able to breathe through my nose while I try to eat
I was still drunk like an hour ago
I keep saying this but I can barely stand the guy
This is just so sad
i just wanna get tk everything ab someone. open yaa heart up to me
Sad cause I will never know what it tastes like and I hate dairy milk
what will next week bring???? Anyone ???
A seafood and cocktails date would be perfect
He was brilliant. What a waste of though
i blocked them so
I am so thankful for professors that actually care.... they are so rare these days
My stomach hurting so bad
brandon is such a man
I forgot my hair straightener on the trip
Bonita al whatsapp
this is a deep-rooted issue.
Definitely, on both sides, it kills relationships.
One
911 please bring him to my house if I ever had a fire
How is this just a years difference please stop growing up baby girl
I need the X Max
Told my eldest to bring his washing round today. Big mistake
Canela and her animal friends right now at Brother Nature
Furniture shopping is exhausting
My dog peed herself and refused to get down off me when I got home. What did I do to deserve this little monkey!?
I need to stop sleeping infront the fan my shoulders hurt
the pomegranate lemon body wash i just bought smells so good
Wishing my lazy Sunday was spent snuggling this little cute face How can you resist that face!!
.
.
Hoping the rumours of Guptill leaving true
I want come Spanish food nowwwww
I want a puppy sOo bad
Is that the original singer? heard so many covers so much better
I live without my acrylics so glad I got my nails done again
Guys, please get me data, because I'm gonna cry struus Bob!
My hands hurt so bad
My time is coming
Now to wait a week for more ssss gridman
almost over
If they are the future ...
he taking forever w/ my logo
Dead ass feel like an old lady bc of how exhausted and sick I am from last night.
I really want a new purse from Aldo
Get someone please go get me a Krispy Kreme doughnut please
holding his fuckin head
so good to look at
Putain Une Blasian dans mon snap la Wow
I wish Snapchat had a to button
Hubby is reactivated. He got me a deli sandwich w/the works AHMAZINGGGG.
He knows my heart
I need A nap but if I go to sleep no getting up til 11
My hands full..
y'all being in college unleashes a whole nother kind of stress
How dinner turn to fright fest
the hardest part of Police Academy is leaving all week.
Its 2am and i have a midtest tomorrow but im still awake because of exo
Two months down, four more to go
This speaks to my soul! I need to beat this, my own addiction
Can Austin be next?
Am thirsty
you deserve it baby
I wanna be your vacuum cleaner
He so fine he just red
I just wanna hurt him just because I make my mind up on him fuckin devil
When is it ever our day?
sorry !!! Once I tell you about this weekend understand haha love youuuu
make public really quick
I want a warehouse job
Damn Sis. Send Some My Way
Just wait till you sit down to watch a game of soccer on the tv!
Okay thank you
See. why I wanna have a home birth. sorry you went through that hopefully
He's so stupid, yo.
always late
I am a different person on a Sunday I swear, so needy unreal
Leg day Pro Performance
I been Sleeping all day after being up all night and driving from Austin get back till 8 this morning
Strawberry lemonade from cheddars me pls
Me bothering porki every night even when right next to him
missed my grandmas sunday dinner
why do i keep losing all my shit
hope you okay this some shit try
wish he had his hair down for CT
I was dead about to walk to the post office I need to get my days back on track
Man I missed you and Nani
Being writing blog posts for audio all day
I wanna make bad decisions
But the way my sense of responsibility set up
When studying and watching football on coffee deliveries would be clutch
need me a couple femdom fics where i eat baekhyun's ass and stuff
almost got into another fucking wreck. i can't stop shaking.
I really need to find this burnt orange tracksuit for my man his dark skin will look so good in it
my face keep breaking out
so sleepy I need a nap ugh.
Pluckers would hit rn
I need to big chill on spending money.
I need something New
Can Lil Baby please get a stylist this mf gets slap happy with the designer labels and looks a whole damn mess!!
how did you even end up with a light skinned nigga sis? ha a akuyenzwa njalo Basi I'm disappointed .
I just love a edgy bad bitch
this is so cute
Forever rewarding myself with naps after doing the absolute bare minimum... why am I like this
My heart
Need a new crib a new place to work a new everything
I just really need a maid, a chef, a personal masseuse for my everyday purposes
I really need to bleach my roots and dye my hair this week but so lazy
I need coke
Tengo hambreeeeeee malditos brackets
I actually had tickets to that lakers game and it was lit like that.. smhhh
Half of me watch this race
I know only like 1 veggie option in the restaurants. probably make sure I always have food and snacks on me!
been waiting fr this thread now I have it I just realized I have no picture of me wearing my
Dunder Mifflin doing him good
if you wear the same sweats n hoodie every day blame it on the weather you just bummy.
i needa roll me a fat ass gar rn
Being a Daniel Ricciardo fan can be so devastating another tough race for him
I'll take a big fluffy guy any day, it's like going with a human teddy bear
lunch early af
nosey but not messy
I like that shit at all
on my days off . all i do is close my room door & sleep all day
looks double of his dad these days
This just remind me of the Of Our Own So much love for those smiles
please
me too! if I was about to die, listening to this version of FL would be my last wish
wait til June comes so I could leave and never come back
Yo
proper wish I never met some cranks here comes the feeling of sunday session depression
ugh i want a sandwich
Starting over is always so complicated. Like where do I begin
So ready for Wednesday
Son, that was so long ago. Omg
Finna Be 7 Months I Had My Baby
Why did I give away my comic book collection
I love em but these bitches hurt. Steve Madden need to do fucking better.
literally though played the song and had so many auditions of it and the live show theme now the performance
Why Syd so smooth
wait to have someone who has the same foundation as me
I love my AirPods
Why am I looking at Ozuna tickets? just torturing myself
I take much more of this.
actually on edge contemplating going to bed
Uggggghhh , over this fucking car dawg one GOTTA go the car OR the rims !!!! If not both .. know me
The picture makes me want to fly to a different state for e meet and greet now
is honestly my favourite
Not long come back from holiday and I feel like I already need another one
zharafenty
____________________________
MIRROR BY MAGIXX
________________________________
DOWNLOAD LINK
Someone find my problematic tweets now so I can delete please
Done going out for now gotta shake this
wont get to see jered for a whole 3 weeks
So Gorgeous
even when he fuck up
My skin is so horrible God cursed me
That nap was great
I had a dream with Lovely she won my heart too easy
This drive back home bout to be a bitch
The way I need a spare phone
did brother nature do?
I know who half of the ppl are that you all I never care to figure it out either
waiting on my friend from class to come back so we can go. in my dorm rn
A mess.
Wait Till I Get My Own Crib Ima Stay In The Kitchen Fr
hooked on Gossip Girl, someone stop me
Yeah.
We lost 3-1 there last time.
Terry was really bad that day
I love nice stylish things. Clothes, home decor, life etc.. but my bank balance let me flourish
You need some new phrases
Girl it make no sense. Even my baby girl and she only 1 Wtf is in the food feeding them
Pretty sure Prince Eric started this dark hair and light eyes preference that I have
I pray o..only the lips try
I love when other people smell like smoke but I hate when I do
I hate it!
Let me block shorty now
Idk why these people scrub their tweets let me see what he said
Suppose to be taking out nae hair but at Bayside
One month until my birthday
Debating if I wanna go to LA or visit my best friend
I know if I have a blouse for my skirt
I want some sour patches & fruit
I need it nowww
Ready for him to get off work
Blessed
At least three times a week honestly
Kinda sad leaving Orlando but I had so much fun
Just wanna sit in a steam room
still thinking about theee sweet pickled I ate last week
Baked Chicken , Fried Chicken Macaroni , Cabbage & CornBread
I just realized Thomas Rhett is this weekend and I have two papers due before I can go
Locals be like: TEA S N A P P E D WIG is SHOOK *sips wig*
A week from today i start feelin 22 getting older is such a scam
Kevin Gates in beautiful in person last night was so lit
I had an appetite these last couple of days like wtf
gonna delete all that outta respect for him & his lawyer who I be forgetting happens to follow me.
tired of cooking for just myself
In the beer case
TCH PLS THEYRE SO GOOD appreciate my girlie christine canigula
I want to get my nails done and lashes filled BUT my work schedule
I would never drink a Hand Grenade again
I just remembered closing with the new girl I trained on Saturday which means doing all the work tonight
KATIE WHY IS HE NOT WEARING BOXERS?! WHAT THE FUCK THE TATTOO IS ON HIS LEG
Last time I went to the doc I was 163 hoping I reached my 165 goal by the 29th
I wish it Sunday because Chick fil a is sounding lovely
Something about tats
I really just wanna sleep all day
they called hot dogs & beans glizzy stew,... hollering
watching these gender reveals got me feeling some type of way
why do i feel so fucking shit
C'mon Cousins earn your money, I need fantasy points!!
Gano kicked a field goal from 63 yards but convert a extra point?
know i lovveeee Tok salty i know about that
so hungry but sick & cyah stand up fi too long to make anything
I think gonna take a nap and write this paper later. But scared my nap is gonna be longer than I expect
I just got this perfume for someone and it's still with me.
If I covet it, will I be a bad person?
No wonder Seyi warned me in advance
voice is so sexy to me... gawwdd
Dem ting ya still a reach gyal? biiiitch
I gotta go to Walmart tonight tho a must
Prime time soul food is it
accidentally commented on a loonarmys tweet god please forgive me
Was spose to leave these bums scoreless
irls
Ah mate too lovely
Fuck fake lashes.... seriously. I have been struggling with these damn things for the past 1 hour... This is
my client yesterday is going to cabo on tuesday wonderful.
exhausted
Wtf how can someone be Handsome hot and cute in the same moment ily
I really want Primantis
I hope I got it
Sunday kick-offs are not for me
Pints pre and during the game, sleep on the drive home and now already hungover
I know how going to work today I look like a whole mess
These guys got their e-wallets after the service
General Shang and Hercules
WHEN SHE'S DEAF IN ONE EAR
Oh whats Your days for Miami Sis Cause Im goin the end Of January to
My ass and titties feel sore smh
Big Single. Someone hmu for plans today.
Me: my twitter is a collection of my inner thoughts & most private feelings I let anyone see it *blocking
I love this
& I still get nothing so yeah
Although, one more week and off for a week
Whew Chile, the law suits!
Future look so mf good in WiFi lit
Fuck, I have so much stuff to do today
Whew chy . ready to put somebody son to sleep
Hate days like this
the MAKNAE WAS BORN ON OCTOBER 13TH JUST LIKE JIMIN OOOH
waiting on baby j with these nachos
Halloween outfit not patterned
Cop your GANG face mask from one of our event pages now and collect on the door
bring back middle school
sick sick , who is responsible
Hope everyone has had a cracking weekend.....this trailer brake disc did.....along with other issues
Have a
Is this why so thicc
ugh these selfies are purrfect
Lmao hmmmm let the cuteness && the quietness fool you , he CRAZY CRAZY
Carson to Marion to......post!
Somebody said and named buku shit from the freezer section
Every time I come by Sam a problem
I think type but I had that jersey until the fire
I JUST TEXTED A BOY I MISS HIM! WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME???
I need this + chicken
I can feel my heartbeat in ma feet
I want Ella Mai and 6lack to make a song
Lmao why they gon do brother nature like that after all the hype ..old things are passed away yunno
I want some corn bread from
I wish you were na east
From New York
Where A Chopped Cheese Is Basically A Retarded Cheeseburger
Ghost booty
man like it when I tie down my hair at night
Lol ok sis, just trying to protect your edges
Honestly, aside from the money, i really miss being a carer and looking after old people
It was expected smh look who dealing with
I am removing my implant 1st thing 2morrow..!!!
OMM
I was really in heels last night
Misdirection
trying to change my life... in a positive way maaaan I am trying to grow
Yaahh offside
just been put in charge of a golden retriever to take to/from walks catch me crying in my car every time I go
Babe just started watching our wedding video on his phone out of nowhere. How did I get so lucky?
Folks on here posting they amateur porn videos damnnnn i been came back i miss my old Twitter
Need costume ideas
wait to see Halloween
Sunday what happened to the weekend? this is one of my newest makes that will be making an appearance at
When you make a pact with your sister to only watch together
I really miss being able to have my nails done
right
always loved Ethiopian women
when ATU start doing this
Baba move my life forward nah
Just 5k is enough
Sometimes I Know How I Survived You Picked Me Up You Threw Me In The Sky And When I Fell You Let Me Hit
I NEED THIS. eat it up daddy
Asos and topshop stocking my W and L combo in the washes I wanted might have to try across the border si
Slay me
got me in the feels is so good
My phone acting up Xs max is coming tomorrow though
about to cook some breakfast
I am forever in debt with $161,000 now and climbing
Na man went from to Brother Nazi
Gano missed the extra point
Was enjoying first 2 dr Who episodes and next week is about SPIDERS Whyyyyy feeling disappointed
naw she the good one, but this one year old though.. some in the formula bro
i wanna go to a pumpkin patch to get a pumpkin & crave it
Ach man. Also doch noch ne Woche warten
Who's this on Sounds like she's standing on a plug
gotta start back going to church. been a long time & i really need it
this song
I have been drinking like that last night
Wish i had somebody to kiss on . im running low on affection .
i want another mf tattoo
Practice makes perfect I know o deserve this
Why you gotta remind me aghdbdkfkfbfjfj
How can men be so full of hate
Then again I checked 4 groceries, a pharmacy and a shop and didn't get any bread. But anything helps.
Ooooh this
Only 2 more hours and then free
i want a nose piercing
so emo - the first time my first years ask me to hangout and not even in town
Nigga was wildin
Gross! straight men clean their dicks gonna get a shot with hella dick cheese!
i want a tongue piercing and a nipple piercing but a lil bitch
That k2 is strong asf too gewd
I got a hangover........ washed now
Now!!! Pit Ham now!!!
no denying that lost without a Dommes guidance
Lucky for
I miss my baby
In a different context, yesss sana all
ugh this man so fine
wait for winter break
I wish I was going to the So So Def concert tonight
Kyte to Deslauriers to....glove save
listennnn someone wanted him goneeee and exactly happening
I wanted to carve my pumpkin today, but I have no one to carve it with
so pretty
Practice makes perfect I know i deserve this
What a way to start a monday...
the tiddie book is under Another Man mag!
I'm done fucking playing, I'm going back to the gym tm
My birthday less than 3weeks
I need to order me some lashes I need a whole bunch
yes poo noted
Haitian men are something crucial
Sometimes I want to tweet things and my English depletes and I have to discard it
I wanna go eat somewhere
Not the white cop choking the deer
I feel so free and SO HAPPY when I dance. It could literally be in front of my mirror and i feel complete
I wanna make these steaks but i have everything and j feel like going to the store!
my clothes need to hurry up wanna take a shower
Girl I move to Green Bay lmao. But surely come visit you one weekend before the snow hit us
Seeing this and now wishing I had Chinese and not curry
wat conditions nw
No turnovers here pls... why i feel something gonna happen
I just want a punt return of a kick return before the season is over just one
Still got massive cravings, off to maccies you go Nath
First it was Laura Lee now brother nature need to just delete your entire twitter account if you racist
Yessss me too
this really hurts me
has anybody ever heard of peroxide and salt to clean their white shoes.
the love of my life
You did tf out of these send me one
montwood let me in at their party last night they gonna have sit out November 3rd for that one
my son is so handsome get enough of him
Factsssss
Dude it's too much
I don't want my nails did for my birthday I just want them polished ..
Me and my man everytime we got off anywhere
Who is this one
Free $5 of starbucks is good start
Join Drop, its a free app!!! giving away cash rewards every day!
He has
I wanna watch this game anymore! I wanna watch
work has stressed me out today I need my gf
High key not read for this World Series I need the Dodgers to show tf
ever get in the mood in the middle of work lmao. U get a flash back out of nowhere and now u just wana leave
My heart
but why
God bless me so I can also shop at Target
Yall ruined a nice thing
I feel like death
How can anyone hate agua de coco
And in Derbyshire
absolutely stunning mshallah Aw thank you baby
My old head mad at me
Mood at work ready to go
I know about heil hitler you know
Omg even beautiful
Geesh slim let me cuff you
Wayment. Sis.
No one could get through to me for weeks until Rayshawn pointed out the moon was Not
I want thigh jewelry
only on 52
Deleted Facebook and IG off my phone. Next gone be this and snap be bored af cause I be having
My feet are always freezing
losing weight is all fun and games until none of your good jeans fit anymore
Me. But at the same time, I really don't wanna be embarrassed
thank you cookie
my fckn dream is to have some Italian grandma cook for me up in the mountains
Day drinking is really wild
What Brother Nature do man
me for the longest then god gave me a real nigga
I procrastinate so much omg
real life tired mentally physically and emotionally.... i need a get away
The best
When I get my hair done be the happiest
Been so busy making moves I had time for the media
never been this happy for food
I have a similar one with a sheer silver lining that I spent way too much on. My thriftiness skills are weak.
Camping There By IG, Watching The Snap.. FOMO
Why am i tired already not even half 8
You got me one more time to make me tear up while snacking
Lord plz have some mercy on us
Convinced intimidating fr there should be no way that still single
No baby
I'll see some mad ass fine gown but fat belly
What have I done?! I want to colour this?! too detailed.
The worst
Time check 3:18AM
if im not mistaken i believe the last person allowed was Kevin Jonas when he married his wife
pray for me. nothing bout to take down these perm rods
You know those people that get too drunk on short haul flights?
I'm /with/ those people
love some Chinese food but I want to pick it up and the good spot I found deliver to me
Was so excited to start tanning again, but now my boobs are burnt and I still have to nurse my child ouchhhhhh
s3 is AMAZING. Wow really taking my time watching it. I want to finish but on ep 8
The only fake thing we have is a fake president
Why is Hartlepool so far away
having Dannie withdrawals now
photos came out so cute I want to order them all
LADIES FIND OUT LIKE THIS! [#TAG SOMEONE WITH A STINKY <~
My mom gave me 3 hugs and told me she missed me so much and I need to come home more. Shit hurt my soul
We ever have anything nice.
ahhhh it's beautiful.... im still looking
They were so tiny
I see potential in us & I ignore it
No, we have the odd one or two.. too damn many!
had steak and shake this semester. bang right now!
Assss for days
Too the library after the game
The only thing I have patience for is my eyebrows. Everything else takes soooooooooooo long
catfish me step on my face iPad camera ugly a ligma ligma is sad
Seriously hoping Lewis can bring this back but doubtful
At work thinking about what cooking when I get off
Sick of voting on insta polls instead of swiping along
Crying at home alone. Man hungover
Wish i could be there
Tbf Derek Anderson sign up for this, he was just supposed to mentor the guy
Had my alarm off coz 20th and I'm gonna risk and not put it on for tomorrow
Im Ready To Go On Break & Smoke This Wood.
I wish chicken bites was still about, beat that place on a Sunday
Damnnn my baby really went all out he spoiled me soooo much & he even bought me a necklace . I love him
nickis man
thank you bff, ily
Another year I missed the State Fair
oh definitely
prob bcuz the only Harry Potter stuff I got is the films and pjs!
okay. that looks a bit better
Do people not like hot cereal
I do night shifts, so I have to sleep during the day.
You not gon leave Chris Evans out like that .
If I try to be mean to someone I always finding myself being nice
Want my dick sucked so bad
Lmaoo what were you on! Nah jk hahaha hella funny tho twitter forget shit
I aine moving on to nobody cause aine nobody better I getting myself straight & a promise to myself
Oh hell no it and i just got it like yesterday
omg ima send them to you right now no me mates !
She not a dyke but I definitely can find you one, they around around
I do that alot
I AM SO DISTURBED
Perfect weather to go hoop
I came home to a cooked meal my friends really love me
This flooding in Trinidad is so sad. So thankful that my family is safe and their homes underwater.
That snow could come tomorrow we never know. Just gotta be prepared for anything lol. How have you been adjusting so far?
so spoiled I hate being told NO!!!
But you want to claim you're a good guy
I wait to go home and hit up vegan restaurants ESPECIALLY this one
Take it steady
Right like why you do that to yourself . He will NEVER change . Periodtttt
What?!? But I go to Spain on Friday!
Sat/Sun
something about that Monday off tho
Kent Benson
This why you fuck 69 this used to be that bitch now she on some shit
I hate seeing videos of myself after a night out
the hell brother nature do???
My neck hurt so bad
Ready to be all dolled up
embarrassed to say I just got a prank call Is that still a thing
Not ready for it to be monday already
i have any energy today
right sorry President namjoon
been in the astral realm straight tripping for the past 2 weeks, going on?
I see!! They wilding
14-1 yesterday, but everything went down the hill today. Barely made it to gold 1. I cannot believe it
I stop laughing
Im exhausted, baby shower start in 40 mins ima be a lil late
Bruh
plan anything after soccer games because I fuck my shit up so bad all the time
I do too
everyday vibe
that boy know he do something to me
I know but been forever! I miss you I better see you on Spring
Seen a mint ass royal blue top off rolls Royce in Glastonbury yesterday
I love being low wit my Man
Lmaoooooo I see it somewhat there but now?! it gets me unwanted attention
Why i be one of those people who looks cute in everything they wear
How is everyone so amazing at carving pumpkins I struggle to carve a smiley face
Love sundays until it gets to this time, thinking of having to go to sixthform tomorrow. Weekends long enough
Only I would use a new beauty product that has tea tree in which allergic to now my hands and face are paying for it
LMFAAAOOOO, he be high. Dont do him
this is the life
Could have brought him in in lap 32. you left too late, i think.
I got do my hair soon as I get back
Tired of everyone dying rest up bro
I got home so late last night
My feet
hair, lashes, and wax all this upcoming week . so much money but soo worth it
i need to go lipgloss shopping, my bitch on her last life
so bold.
part of me wishes he was so quiet & calm.... but he is a BALL OF HIGH SPEED ENERGY most days
I want a flat stomach
cause Fournette can only run in a straight line
Me too one of my favorite players
literally u
I stand when my feet are cold
Can i come snuggle with you please, you look so warm and comfy
I need me a chunk of chicken breast right now, roasted or fried. With a side of rice or any form of potatoes would be perfect
Where is thanksgiving
I literally was just saying this
Me when I wake up and see I missed my opportunity to ft my homie
Sundays just go by so fast
"ted cruz is the zodiac killer" was not discussed once in the debate
I want to wear my trench today but it NEEDS to go in the cleaners
I think I want some Waffle House
Ryan be fucking it up if I let him he would just eat that shit all day
In the mood for some fry fish & festival from hellshire wid a Smirnoff ice
Pregnant bellies are so cute. I want one
going to miss that North Carolina bass sausage
Darn it! I wish you would have posted this earlier as I would have loved to have attended. Not happy.
i really hope so but honestly, we might not
Really want to take Natalie to the pumpkin patch
Post for Instagram
This uno game a fool
embarrassing
I want White or ruby red
why they had to take my dawg I felt her when she told him this my fucking show ...
I finished Daredevil I want more episodes
Yeses craving groove.
I have the energy to be doing this hw
Zoeys napping so good right now
I treated myself a little way to good today but man it feels good.
Right now all about Lil Tracy for me
forgot about TYuS
omg what did he tweet gone on private now
this na temptation
On baby sure tryna enjoy my only day off.
3 need to here up and come
Need me some healthy food
I thought I already told you
Come see about me IM IN LOVE WITH THIS SONG
I wish bring it back
expecting a wedding invitation
No funds. Sorry
Are sleepovers were the best
I gotta visit my parents today and lorrrtt knows not gon last an hour in that bitch. lecture after lecture.
If she come back to you
i wanna see kevin gates in concert
Why does it have to be Monday tomorrow
Just want a house, babies and a doggy! All I think about these days
Me too! I just bought tix for the residency
Every hairstyle suits you wow
Got a new case for my phone and sexy af with the nails i have rn
Went out last night i have no clue, honestly im such an idiot
Yaw go get with her i love seeing us young people making it somewhere your doing great girl
mood
a star is born was sooo sad!!!
my favorite thing about sleeping with my man is when he pulls me close to him while sleeping
ok, but i love that boy so much so yeah, whatever song he covers i'm going to love it for sure. goodnight to
still over the moon about last nights hocky game.
Sex before bed be the best sleep ever
Yes hahaha but I might have to go back to my piercer in the morning and get one of my bars switched out
need to watch so bad
This was 2012 and a man likes what he likes
Soo you have to do something ou pa Marie Ange vitamin D
Ui
a car show in front of the gym n I wanna go so bad but all gross n sweaty
I'm done because Melvin Gordon is out
My word. How much and how does one order?
I think my girl loves the McDonald's app more than me
I dont know why my leg so sore
Oh shit lol I thought he was
Some tacos sound stupid fire right now
wait what ?? i know he posted something
You ever been so obsessed with someone that you think about them all day long
bro, my sister is so freaking pretty
Thanks for your existence and a good show
talking 2011/12/13, what you saw was light compared
what if he says something smart like next to me
She Freaky Freaky.
TWITTER IS IN SHAMBLES TODAY
You should probably just delete everything and start over.
I hope so
This lemonade is too good
glad I have some. Sweetest form.. I get to keep them foreverrr
i so shoulda went home this weekend ugh never again
The train I took everyday
Finna stay up late
Buckeyes and Dolphins both letting me down this weekend
I miss my dad home cooked meals
My goodness, there's too much explicit sexual content on my timeline!
What type of people do I follow lord?
I fw kool-aid nasty af
All 1000 people should enjoy it
I wish I knew how to skate
we both grown ma . only difference is you know how to take an opinion sucks to b u
You know how I know I am getting old? I just watched and enjoyed it!
girl not even all 20 songs are out
i. miss.
i go to another game until like december or after that!
I want to be Wednesday Addams for Halloween, or Mortisha. I decide on anything, cancel the entire celebration.
my granny making cabbage rolls today
Although that laziness kicked in and all i wan do is relax all day today
Just read about Brother old tweets... really thought we had a good guy there
Fresh salmon is sooo good
it really feels like someone has been pounding a hammer to my head. today was not the day to have a migraine like who scheduled this??
literally about to die at work
Need this. been too long.
il me cala pas
I just finished the first season of Riverdale and all I can say is wtf?!! . I have so many
Single
Everybody playing the billion dollar bid and playing for the million probably piss myself if I won
Its 3.23 a.m now but wtf exo make me cant sleep well ugh imiss them so much
Sorry if anyone has texted in like the last 5 months to my old number I have a new number and fixing on
Gotta get the clasp on my Tiffany bracelet fixed & right before death anniversary definitely going
Remember when I called Lindsay a baboon and we all thought it was funny af? I was an adult by then saying shit
I have zips, bread ties, binder clips - the works haha. Hence this gobbledygook.
I was a fruit platter
this is pll all over again istg
Nothing prepares you for that level of disappointment. I mean what even is a bath with no bubbles.
No matter what , gone make sure straight my baby
My eyes hurt from crying so bad this morning
still trynna be like Michael Springs & have Chick-Fil-A on a Sunday
your arm and leg tattoos is fly as hell.
Not again
Ugh distance sucks
I hate when i try to retweet a funny tweet but because people have their accounts on private
The game is tooo hot
was cute together
Waiting until before Vegas for a fresh cut & it's killing me
Tryna make it a job chief only thing I know how to do
When he eats your like his first and last meal
I was suppose to head to my house today, but I feel like moving
Maybe by leaping
Usually I recommend NOT to eat but their new honey bbq tenders are so bomb
Omg the guy who never sings is still in Rak-Su
Lets get this gains
The same n*gga I hung up on last night is the same one I just accidentally called because my phone locked
So many lepyatlas on this app wow
weh oe... imagine laying on that chest (of drawers)
Ikr, no one has ever offered me money for being so pretty
cuteness jumped out
I just said NO I saw him because of the why u mad
I need all the motivation and help I can get before I lose it totally.
Strapon? Ewww!
Dawggggggg I missed the Lakers and Rockets fight?!
I need to go pick up my grill
To fire
These I need now
not Brother Nature
a year ago today
Blew $90 in on candles not going to be any face money left
I truly hope he think I called to apologize or talk to him at all
Not you not you!! Btw really?? not even white!
Alcohol and me friends anymore
Wow my heart
I thought I had dyslexia trying to read this
ready to get my eyebrows done, my toes done, my hair cut & go shopping
Man idk if the seafood or the spices but my stomach be fuckeddddd up everytime!
Them replace am already
the top lip i
so blessed
so broke but is finally restocking the palette Friday and I need it decisions, decisions
Saddest moment of my life
These next 2w need to fly by
i thought sis was like 25
Who tf is Brother Nature???! Im so out of touch
its a mood
Anything worse than this time on a Sunday
But love God rap and I believe
hey
Went into my contact to do it, then realized I don't have a crush. Now what?
Man I need my fucking dick sucked bitches shit
Vick Hope is so beautiful
fuck it mybass bout to start cooking I keep letting these folks fuck me up like that
um bc ur not even that good! i could do this on my iphone sweaty!
What did brother nature do?? Im always late to these things
Still at my Catholic Engagement Encounter for church. Going on day 3 and pretty sure dying.
I been up since 9something & now I need a nap
I wanna drag again next weekend at this Halloween party but I gotta work imma find a way to go lol
Blocked punt Patriots!!! And the TD...wish I started their D in my fantasy league at least I have this
man i was just in there yesterday i was like damn i miss it
I wait to get this shit over with
Brother Nature though
saying! 2012 was a reckless year for everybody New twitter is annoying af... I need search my own
I wish there was like a justeat where you can order like snacks. I need crisps and chocolate and full fat coke in my life immediately
Sunday studying
Sorry we need him more in America
I talk to him for like two weeks after that I was so fucken mad
LMFAOOOOO come on
I miss eating animal crackers
my natural instinct is to reassure & compromise
Cannot get out of bed
1 more hour at work
I remember experiencing this at the beach and then getting slapped by the water and dragged along the floor.
His young and edgy days are catching up with him.
A lot of players turn off their sounds.
Idk how yall do that tho
Honestly
I was bully.
My old tweets super duper big trash
Imma start doin shit i have absolutely no business doing. Ill never be bored or waitin on somebody to be around me
I just finished Gossip Girl now I need a new show
Smh is going to be so dissapointed
I will be happy if he is my patient, no stress at all
I need to go shopping
ready to have fun how I want to
My fav fries are fries
I need some superstars
I want breakfast in bed
Real soon please
Omg I swear I have changed
I know some of are waiting for it to be cold but still 80 out.. stop wearing Uggs & oversized sweaters not time yet lol
actually getting hooked is the ugliest
I broke my Invisalign trays tired of going to the dentist, always breaking something
.......
I wish
Reage mulher
Maybe he was just tweeting what he saw in movies
I loveeeee that shit
This sweet guy
My tooth hurts i do not neeed to be eating this candy
I wanna work on getting my body right, but I love food way too much ugh
These are some smh now his page on private mfs always ruining a good thing, but he was
Am I the only one who sings heart out to the song que si
She sexier to me now
let me love yuh boy please boy
What did Brother Nature do?
Aww stop but I miss you mami
All these extra days of trick or treating. too fuckinnnn cold. only taking Alani the 30/31st like back in the normal days.
I hate couscous Nd dadawa har miya nakeyi without dadawa
it's almost 10:30 but i'm not sleepy & ion wanna go to bed
Too hungover to function
so emotional right now there back on the stage what made them
Young legendary nigga in process
I been wanting orange juice all morning and now I finally got some
this man needs to rot in jail
I be this drunk so early
wooooow I just saw solardo & Mercer clash idk who I should see this sucks
Brother Nature
call me out harder, baek.
Got the Nintendo 64 out to play and the cords are bad Brantley and Emma were so excited to play super Mario
When the mrs mentions doing a facial I expecting face masks while eating Doritos watching a reese witherspoon flick
I need someone to like help me get into bts like I want to but it seems like so much
Last night was wild
With the amount of uni work I need to get done why did I agree to work this week
A pound shop in Manchester used to sell a body spray called Woman Juice
I hate myself using my nephews phone, such a mess
Valid, same
Sibis zine was worth it tho fjkGJSKJFKD
You're a psychopath man
DM meI'm selling nudes, sexts and videos!! I'm waiting
im literally missing all tha tha calls i gone hear the end of it
Raksu are miming?! Such a shame they were amazing!!
I think cringe
Amsterdam next month I honestly cannot wait
a young girl like me, be caught with an old school fool
Mannnnnnn i still gotta get a new card this shit so broke i must was stepping on it tryna dance and shit
How to fall asleep back got class at 0830am
LMAO
1. He is not good for denying you ice cream.
2. You stop selling those Kings dreams! You stop that!
Thanksgiving me please
I Learned This The Hard Way.
I want a kitten
Is this necessary? Stop inciting rubbish
a year ago today we were exploring timaru.. oh how i miss it
baby me please
Yeses!! you snapped here!
Man, I wanted to be there so badly
Running in is a nightmare. From the shore it climbs 200ft in less than 1km
Yeah go ahead and drop that cause starting to think lil baby go harder than you
hit that mfin php 24/7 on that GRIND
Forever my favorite Taehyung look that hair and headband
I ate too much I need a nap
Wa he Soo i tryina but he lock his page
Missing my sister already
Rak su or whatever called make me want to be blind and deaf cringe as fuck!!!
Really hope I get done with this work before 4:25 so i can watch my Cowboys play
Like and subscribe Bathong
never ask me what I want I want some money Duhh
Oh nooo hope you get an appt! Xx
I want a daughter
with al the gay shit baby
The day this man retired was one of the saddest. my second favorite player of all time
My gran told me that proud of me. She literally clapped her hands
I hate jobs that have attendance points bitches done had me work 9 days in a row and I still got one more
the pullover. I actually decided I chose between cooky and chimmy and tatas cute too
Close! The Countdown on!
yea .. i forgot to tell you
PORQUE MARIO CASAS NO FUE A DISNEY AYER?!
My heart
cus i dead want a girl
When will this morning sickness end
Girl they voluntarily reentered the prison box... Sigh we Stan a bunch of boo boos
My cats are both being the cutest little shits today cuddling me all day
Gutted out such a fix that Seann & katya are still in tbh!!! Just when I dislike Shirley any more
I wish
I just see a hot guy shallow nice to meet you
SO BEAUTIFUL!!! But Lydia I wanna see your pic with James in HD please.
dude on the same boat, emilano shut up w that song
Me going through this premium content from last night/this morning
Ridiculous
Vamos Corinthians
I'll never have them
Country fried steak, mashed potatoes & gravy
THATS SO ADORABLE JOONIE
ready for another kitten
my daughter taking her
time to get here
This hit home
I legit looked at my bank account then at adult film auditions in my area
believe this was 2 years ago
i have an even harder time deciding what to eat when sick. guess starve
I love when my mom think about me when she go buy food But Jan be forgetting the important things LIKE RANCH
Ughh he fucks me so good
Your soo fucken adorable i love you
went from SoHo to so ho
Both my sisters on vacay PLUS my dad i need vacay too... bahala na si batman sa school JK lang pala di pede
The food looks lovely
My head is hurting so bad
I keep going on/off private because paranoid someone from school will find my account
Idk I wish there was a way to turn back time
Bed feeling extra comfortable rn might sleep for the day
And the City Girls
not you retweeting these.
get a pick
Bought a new vape yesterday because my old one died, so tell me how I already dropped it at the races yesterday and broke the top
be her next lock screen
Next week we officially bringing out the uggs, leggings and crew sweatshirts
Hahahaha omg ! I need to swear on that but not ready to let go yet
Lmao I faithful
Girl for no reason
When say you need a coat and JD says what sizes do you need I just him
Why tf do I be so hungry
i said uh bowchickabowwow, thats what my baby mow and my heart starts
not anemic but I may as well be cause I be freezing allll time. I even be taking my coat off at work
Falling in love is the worst pain
one hobby I bother to make money from. good luv, enjoy
poor Hobbit! I don't like watching jumpy things wi' t' human. She tends t' make me jump
i want to do something
Oh Chicago
Also me:
Misses is watching strictly unfortunately
I don't deserve their love off
Thank you!!
People be putting ALLof their business on Twitter
it took me 3 hours to clean my room,, 3 hours that i could've spent watching anime
In Vegas until Tuesday. about to be another lit night. I keep up
Need some halls
All my child wanna do is lay all over me like she really believe in personal space.
having a serious case of writers block
Oh bitch my phones gona die .. dam so spooky
And the difference between the Pats and the Bears
I already have
How do you lose a big ass 40 and the clip poking out that bitch long as a dick? gone tho. Poof. Somebody sell me a glizzy!
I wanna go to a haunted house
-why it gotta be this cold outside
I wanna go to the fair
Chosen party today
Worst part about being single is not being able to go for a tennerfest every night
wait to see bae this week
I have to start getting mommy nails
I gotten up yet and scared to
livvy x her gf and others
I can never solve this thing to save my life
FOLLOW ME PLS I LOVEEE YOUUZZZZ
I want some sushi as soon as I give birth, be my first request! Lucky 7 roll and western roll from samurai pleaseee
If I write that to a Ghanaian are they gonna know what I'm chatting bout or will I look dumb?
2 more full weeks of medical administration for the 2nd time & im done Lab procedures & then finally out of school in December
trying to get home before 4. Get dressed and make it to the bar before no seats for this Skins game!!
I should have took some more cake from aunt Gina
math now
Lord knows so ready for lou to get home
omg he have to go that hard
My camera is finally fixed thank God
I Mali Music
his voice just makes me want to lay in the tub and sip some wine.
this song with him and Jazmine Sullivan
It doesn't want to work that well to me tonight it was good yesterday
I want to go blonde so bad but I love being a brunette
Soo stressed
More lifeee. Best guys! Best birthday ever. Back to Boston tomorrow
lmao classic jimmy fans
cc:
Soo stressed
why i have this
Waddles!!
I know what was I thinking see I put lows in the past tho
My gym membership at custom health is almost up and decide on a new gym
We mutual but here
I love watching weight loss transformations they be so beautiful be making me so inspired
Bathong guys please like & subscribe
Only took two yesterday and all week my outfits been wayyyy lit
These heart burns omg
No I finish school this May but coming home for thanksgiving break and awww y para ti
5th year litterally has me dying
Pull up too my mama house && I can smell the good fried chicken before I can get out the car good
I swear
salute to portfolio
So Sleepy I Never Have Any Energy I Need To Be Working OT , I Really Need To Be Smarter With My Money , & Always Have A Back Up Plan
I want the Cheesecake Factory
I really want to go back to Disney never been during halloween or x-mas.
This is what are tripping about? Lmfaoooooo why has this world become so soft
I wait to officially have my car! took me long enough lol
People be putting ALL of their business on Twitter
I wait
Lmao ahh sucks it was worth trying doe
lmaoo0 you out here thinking you need surgery or some shit off a bruise
I wanna know who found those tweets that person is bitter as hell.
yup he did and he kept asking for Rashard
What happened
My favourite coworker even there today and she gives me the most energy
I need a new fall / winter wardrobe
Somebody had a seizure at church
This is the best live guitar heard in a long time
I was knocked out
I been saying this .. bother
I just want thanksgiving break to come faster so i can get a peaceful quiet sleep all night and day without worrying about anything
Sleeping with lashes...I can't find a safe position
My dog a blue heeler. he is part Australian Shepard. People will literally get into fights with you, over
My son is at the eagles game and jealous
I really just want to get off of work and cuddle with king
The girl next to me on the shuttle is swiping on Bumble and I really want to talk to her about it
lol no thanks.
That was an actual piss take!! He been in the final
This is an attack on my person
Lmaooo bitch used a joke so good I had to copy paste and send it
Ugh just look at them
it's what i do i end dreams & delusions. makes me feel all....
oooo girl u went off
I guess iOS 11.4 beta 3 just not gonna get jailbroke by uncover
Stu and his grab bag size of quavers that he would crack open just our eyelids would shut
Him rly cute...... shoot a shot
YOOOO
awee omg most niggas have done of that shit
full & sleepy now
You now hell.
I kept my jersey on
So soon as I start watching they get 2 touchdowns back to back?? starting think bad luck
And no guy cares for a lady as much as the one she promised sex
... been watching this kid for a minute now. truly disappointed & know whether to give up on his
This is why I have high blood pressure at 24
Wow I'm kinda jelly coconut berry sounds bomb
wait
Rub it in
Waited all day for a roast and eat it cause my stomachs shrunk
Dealt with some of the rudest people ever today, so sick of retail
Dude that Mexican life
Wrong decision tonight
battle rappers be like: point god? rondo? number 9? finger in my
oh how i wish this was true
You right but turning this into self care Monday seriously exhausted
I want my man
please prophesy such for a Monday morning na. do you mean me well?
Haunting Of Hill House is so fucking creepy
Where are my glasses
when anybody fuckin look at me in public
This celebrity life seems awfully exhausting
Wow me
aff meus sentimentos rapha
Yeah didn't have change
When we fucking I be catching chills
I loved loVED hhn8 im p satisfied & rly wanna go again
So my little cousin got Tiffany pearl earrings for her 1st birthday jealous
Making me want some crab legs
Heaven can't be anything like what I am in right now. If this is heaven then we have been deceived
Ahha so sweet of u to say
I wish
Momma Sam cried when she saw Cohen and it broke my heart into a million pieces. so blessed to have so many people who love him
I really wanna get ona elephant
OHkay!!!! bless him AND these follicles
Literally all I want is to see City and Colour live
I have to travel bro
so bored I wish Landon would hurry and get home!!!!!
I thought so too but account is private now
Guess what
always craving wings from chiltepinos
Do not cry in front of me start crying tooo, that sensitive
So traveling & I just shot my shot at a married young lady!
So fucking embarrassed
I need two outfits for my birthday
I already been there
I had African food in so long maybe why been tripping. Let me come warm up some palava sauce yah
Head hurts
Tell him i said his child needs lasik too lmfaoo
That was the 10%. (Probably a little less). But I had other shit too
One of my lowest moments in life was when I tried to impress a boy who didn't know Sidney sheldon was a man
Lmaooooo corny.
But, if being offensive...
not cute, just lightskin.
Wht they find ?
Lmaoo damnnn that shit was funny
You really worked hard three hours of working with vectors is a paiiin (says the graphic designer
These migraines feel like one big long hangover
somebody come spend time with me been so bored
I was gonna cry if I get my hair done Tuesday
What did he Do? I like this man yo
I keep thinking it's Monday because I'm at work rn
be a Sunday if I feel physically ill from Panthers football
need ideas for a good halloween costume
Wrm dis je hem
Awww man! He was just a kid trying to fit I with the twitter trolls
Im In Love With Money Iwel Best Thing That Ever Came In My Life Since Birthday
Trying to find a good MUA for the Vegas wedding has me stressed
I Saw The Video In Slow Motion Look Like Spit To Me? The Way Chris Moved His Face.. Nahhh Idc He Spat
See this why I do nun but smoke
wait till November!
tired boss
Every see pictures come up on your Facebook memories and think WTF was I thinking posting that
The fact that no matter how mad I get at alan I just leave him alone scares me
US only.
always an ambulance on standby
I made a spooky basket for nothing
my sister gained 1K followers in a week girl we going influencer?
Yeah, rattling your butthole is always the worst.
I would literally fall out
kese?
So are we cancelling brother nature or what now ?
Kids and fans of the people who promote it asking for votes
Ugh what a mood
im mad that he was in sync
finna have to study my ass off when i get off
I spend wayyyyyyy to much money on Christmas but I know never stop because Christmas is my favorite and I
My stomach touching my back rn I been hungry since 5 this morning
Louisiana during the fall is the weather I crave I love living here so much more than I expected.
im tryna see who house ima be at for thanksgiving tho i really wanna go back to texas tho i miss my family and friends
For real
BROTHER NATURE WAS LITERALLY 14 IN 2012 ARE YALL REALLY TAKING THIS SERIOUSLY!!!
Right?????
Im tryna see what his anaconda do
laughing but it really just might be like dis
my baby texted me and I even know
sorry
tired + headache but... i was very productive today so i guess okay lang
Otc, fr wish I had this
Wow! I am sooo exhausted!! I did the utmost on this vacation
THANKYOU LORD!!!! idk what i did to deserve this
An average day this this week vs. my day at work today physically and mentally drained and bloods are currently
Omggg If You Downloaded the Tasty App!!! your missing outttt
never going to get my grilled wings
Ughh Jay is so gorgeous
How is it Monday tomorrow this 9-5 life is killing me softly
Nicki is too beautiful always has a crush on her you know how you have pretty girls with a nasty
My grandma hung out with my uncle and his boyfriend last night and that is such a huge step she keeps talking
needs to be here already
Wait a min which asap and what did he do
does anyone know of any mazes in the IE or nearby? not the 17th door tho
I feel bad for people that smell their own bad B.O.
cold
Dis too much
Actually sorry it was
Derek left so watch a scary tv show by myself
Maybe the old lady in me. But Buying detergent and doing laundry excites me
Yes but our IT dept support that and the firewall allow us to download and use
I wait to get my hair done
Driving back to Berlin now. The coach is already delayed by 40 minutes. Time isn't passing AT ALL
I'm really going to be that single auntie thats lit, with the career that travels a lot
Righttttt?? Like a breath of fresh air
Nigga the SIXTH
I just want make it right
Where are the fried chicken nachos loacated?
i swear it feel good when you fw a nigga & he just keep everything real with you, make sure you straight, & love you
Bruh this mans
Oh fucked up
i love new album
I seriously wear pajamas to thanksgiving Michaela Grace always dresses cute, and I look like I came
That was foolish of him but I gather he was around 11/12 then. He better not be cancelled
I wait to go home
When the morning comes I hope still mine
I need to go to the hospital but in too much pain to drive
Could for you hunny know cares
Best friend out here breaking hearts congrats Steebie
been so long since done a good ballbusting. The last time was at a party, and I topped for such a fun
This is the closest interaction gonna get it?
I actually worked out yesterday and I think my thighs are broken
I wait to be off I want wings
This is the most adorable thing seen in a while I just love videos like this
That shell on west airport got some Good ass ice
If You Downloaded the Tasty App your missing outttt
My cell signal be able to handle this
Yo the wind sound serious.
in so much pain I could just cry
Can we please put this game away
telling my day ones are the baddest
I want to travel the world so much more to life than what i see daily.
Damn Brother Nature too
Advanced Econometrics
My grandma made gumbo so fuckin good
Hate when that happens
I think ever know & that hurts so much ouchie
I used to love my bamboos maybe I should get another pair.
So my house mates just told me be home alone all of next weekend and my anxiety has hit the roof already
all so long
Do you every wonder when your Facebook memories pop up of pictures you have posted and think WTF was I thinking posting that pic
I get rid of the notifications on my app. tried a bunch of different things but nothing is working
What are you doing?
fun being fake outraged. I just did it successfully I feel ... happy
I swear if I lose to this guy 0-6 imma hang myself
We should change our name to Cardiac Cats.
This race is edgyyyy
wait till tomorrow bob me please
Not sick enough to just lay on the couch all day but sick enough that leaving the house an option
Que horror
Literally everybody! Everybody wanna be "woke" now just to have a reason to argue. It's exhausting.
them chicken cheese steaks rolls from ridge are delicious
God please give me strength to study
I saw the tl and I didn't know who brother nature was, I thought there's another hurricane coming
he also tries to kill Busta rhymes in Halloween 8 so like these arnt facts so sorry
I actually wait to have my first child. I need my period to chill the fck out & calm down with these cramps.
This is so important not all about visualising etc you gotta do your research, meditate and write your
So after 10 mins like MAYBE MY WATER then like it a lot of HELP
How did I not know Khalid released new music. fucking up..
This nap about to be soooo clutch
it do bruh I swear but she know she got me
last night was so much fun
Does anybody else break up their time left at work like I just have to do 10 minutes 5 more times
Someone pay for my nails please I wanna pay for myself
can I have a friend group like please?? they funny as hell
I want to feel some good energy
Send me money dear
I WILL RUN OUT
Had a heartbreaking moment earlier when I had to walk past a Five Guys without going in. A part of my soul is still outside the doors
I think i might already did
Oooh going to be 38 degrees tomorrow morning when I leave for work
thanks for waiting for me, I wanna see it
volunteer my place, but there is construction going until the beginning of the month
I want some cabbage & meatloaf
God I hope not
I left it home
If only
Can someone in my family get married please
Chile it gets worst
What pics?
Love him more than I can say to him
I want to go on one so bad
I know but I had to work off Saturday
It's definitely Nate this time
So then why is my cousin fine as hell?
Aww her acrylics bout to be yellow
Not fun or easy believe me constantly having to analyze everything , watching your surroundings
I really want some junk food but my face is breaking out so bad
4-6 I should really be playing more games but instead I go drink
If I had a dollar for every time someone says to me even look like you had a
I could go for a bombass cinnamon roll
Need to roll a fatty rn
come to portland
me too
I had a random dream my mom surprised us and randomly came back only one who always took care of me
way too pretty outside not to go do anything today
and orange eyeshadow ugh i lived for the colourfulness of it
Hate falling asleep by accident and waking up groggy
Not brother nature
Chris Paul held that spit on his face so long.
a thread on fb of all the girls named Beyonce & sad... they all literally hate it
Girl say my friend don't get cunny. But they was fucking her friends
Niggas will really pull up tweets from 08 and use em against u
I talk too Beno the whole time he been gone til today I miss my dawg
Yea i kno but why Everybody say that I hear it though lol Thank u
Lost my earrings last night smh can never keep a fuxkin pair
Ready for my weave to get here
"Excuse me ma'am I know you're currently suffering but is it alright if I help you?" Like wtf is that
Im used to f*cked up service whenever I go out to eat or do something lol. But this is something else
Maaaan I got my eyes on some guitars
I want some crab legs drowned in butter
If gtfo my dms istg she be bullshitting
Imagine we lost our shit when we saw him imagine if he said something like that
So tired from work
may mas cucute pa ba sa pinsan ko
Thank you
You're not
kinda making that face right now want the hols to end!
I can only imagine
I just want to wear spandex today. Or any clothes for that matter.
Molly was ok, but Bella !
Rap sound like that. It hurts to listen
i go study for a couple of hours and come back to this
I miss my boyfriend so much
never cutting my hair again even though I want to cut it into a bob. I love my big natural hair
About what ?? now private sad
Black is one of my favorite colors but I hate that it slims you smh! You can see none of my curves in my yogas right now
I saw the finest boy today, like evaaa.
Ion wanna hear that tho I was always a loyal ass customer
Noooo do this to me, we have got 5 left still, surely I still be frustrated by the end of it
you were FIONE last night.
Mi amor chulo precioso
What happened? Damn I always be missing shit
I got the worse headache in the world rn
I wish I knew dude, what the heck
This is dire
so mad with my curiosity I just had to know the tea...now finding mad shit lmaoooo
I know the answer but bring me one when you find it
big hugs muffin
I miss you too! I was out yesterday and you had the wedding so unheard of to not talk alllllllll day
I always want to take my braids out after 2 weeks
The worst part about finding out that somebody lied to you for so is wondering about all the other stuff you know.
I worked on a Sunday in months this feels so weird
have to capitalise cancelled like that
i listented to it like 15 times today and still on me for me
Hocus pocus is on but it keeps glitching
really hella extra sad AF
Big Mad!!!
know twitter tells on you when you creep on me right?? hey girl hey
Come on Dolphins pleaseee I need to win so I can talk shit tomorrow
I deadass be bored Ash
10 more days of october !! the miami 2019 info at
wait until my birthday praying everything falls in place
miss my nieces wait for the family vacay so we can wear auntie & me swimsuits
Lord let this 3-12 come by fast
My feet are screaming
I actually ache so much
The life of a dancer
He Finally Texted Me Back I Feel Better
Lastnight was a preview of what my vacation is going to be like
a right little unit, i miss him in the Pats kit
I wait til I get my hair done
I hope t-mobile can get my pictures back on my phone
is this real
watching my girlfriend biTE her ice cream gives me the heebie jeebies man your poor TEETH
way too pretty outside not to do anything
The irony of miming on and ripping off sugar-babes your own songs were so much better!! What's Simon done
trying to hard to get back into the shows that I was watching
gonna be okay Shaune sending nothing but love your way, you gained the best guardian angel anyone can ask
Some titty suckin , booty plugin , ass smacking , back scratching, hair pulling , name calling nasty ass sex
please tell us passport made it to the final version of "A" queen
Damn this how Hannah Montana felt omgggggg one time I was walking through the shops in Berkeley y
I miss my baby
My Godmom has me tag along with her to go shopping yesterday & i literally bought everything
My mom set me up to cook a full meal she like cleaning and seasoning chicken so she had me do it , a
I need to start exam season with no F1 stress please this needs to end today
Nooo!!! I cri
so tired can I get a day off
Girl I let Ryan one time and it was everywhere omg I was mad
go outside , but my petty ass would talk to him thru my screen burglar bar door
come look.
What do you people in Canada eat for thanksgiving? yalls early? Like October?
What a time to be alive
ITS THE FIRST RESULTS NOW IM SO SCARED
What is that pain after taking your hair down from a tight pony tail
postmates my favorite app.
Going into uni with shades on my face it better be sunny tomorrow cos i even know
She looks so cute
SIS I WOULD BUT I DONT HAVE MINE YET getting it soon though!
my house is going to be the place where everyone comes for game nights, sunday dinners, barbecues, etc. wait
I want some Jamaican food
Checked my card activity and all been on food
Stuck in the house again
Was thinking this but I love having a car
i said uh bowchickabowwow, thats what my baby mow and my starts chicka
This game is giving me anxiety now
This screenshot. Is just smile worthy. And I love it. The bad side shall slayyyyy My moods
Just getting off work and I have so much homework to do sick of being an adult
Danny phantom
Reeeaaaallllyyyy a mooodddd tryna talk to my husband like this
very single tho.
Nothing worse than your charger breaking on a Sunday night
I swear do anything to have my uncle back he was a real stand up guy I miss him like crazy
I love Prince Harry & Megan Markle so much
Watching is stressful and frustrating Ken Kratz is a cock womble and is the only one who should be in prison
Fuuuuuckkkk called into work today n my homegirl brought fiyanesian burrito for me work that sounds so bomb rn fuck!
People always call me when i don't wanna be bothered
literally us every time miss and mr up and take this
omg wow ilysm, that smile !!
first of alllll bitch..... body...
I just wanna dig my nails into your chest and ride you.. ya know
getting old... idk if i wanna see ya ass or that bathroom
Yeah school groupchats dawg , class reps & guild members so I hoping so
Sooooo much great ass new musiccccccccc
Somebody please come and comb my hair
well watching a star is born was a bit too much for my sunday evening
I started closing my legs tryna making him slow down. But nahh. That nigga held my legs down with his hands. ( I
I wanna go to a sixers game, i been to one in so long
We love to be killed with anticipation
But then I started noticing that eating chocolate makes me feel that way too. And I love chocolate.
Not the snake tamer
Same too much
Apartheid nywe nywe nywe gang is so annoying
I want to live in New York Contemplating to move here in the future !
officially graduate to super bad bitch status in these. I need
like this & ill shuffle my music and make polls. lets see if yall have taste
This screenshot. Is just smile worthy. And I love it. The bad side shall slayyyyy My moods all in one pic.
That was the wrong decision
Yoh
is the cutest thing ever. i cant wait to marry my best friend i love you more than anything & i
i miss hanging out with my real friends
I thought the hot weather broke but it is almost 90 degrees here today!
Running on 4 hrs of sleep in the last 48hrs
Want sum breakfast from
Ok from now on we go see book movies together because a need a movie buddy like you!!
I want some Benihana when I get off work
wait to be off on Tuesday
Think had maybe 4 or 5 hours of sleep these last two nights
Ok from now on we go see book movies together because a need a movie buddy like you!!
I need this stress
Next u gne b fussing at it poor future
Want some fried chicken n mac
Same and I just left him a couple hours ago
he was tho
I need to switch cars with someone where my friends ?
so tired
Your past really comes hunting you at one point
I would love to know this teacher
I wish I had an extra $1.5K lying around
Me All The Way.
My braids still tight
so cold in Cleveland.
essited
really got me w/ this one
I hate having to wait until nighttime to go to Halloween events because so anxious and excited all day long
I cant be the only one who doesnt like halloween
I usually just put my phone on loud and hope for the best
Bakayoko dey sweat ontop ordinary warm up inside cold weather
I left my crown in trunk.
if this me
I miss this nigga but fuck that... I going that easy this time
Happy birthday to my heart and soul Harley James can't believe your 8 already.. stop growing so fast me, Ben,
Bae came to see me at work just made my lil day
Huy I feel so wrong. Huhu. Don't wanna leave
A whole different color on my hair on Saturday, kinda scared i has blonde for the longest
life is not fair
is love nahh
s-sis ur mind
That PI call on Diggs man
I hope I hear
The last time he dmed me was APRIL
I need to catch up ugh
I only spend money on the weekends
so here for the fresh faced look
I really want to cut my hair all off and start fresh. I want curls sooooo bad!
My entire tl is filled with that fight Niggas love to bombard insta when good plays, drafts, or stupid shit
Cam put on his cape in the 4th qtr
The accuracy
I want to go see a movie
come back
I thought they said you coming back
gained so much weight
Me follow me back plz
hector has my mf hearttttttt
just understand been faithful for damn near 3 years without talking to no one this freedom is awesome ...
So many different versions for today..
So trash
drunk calling & you not answering you missing out smhhhh
My boy is in another claimer tomorrow...
Stop
Idk how I want my hair for my birthday
wish that were me
I hope this fine when I start to show.
A whole different color on my hair on Saturday, kinda scared i had blonde for the longest
This Ebuka guy, izz like his body is always itching him to slay
Omg another lambo
This is beautiful
definitely going to sleep when I get off. running off 2 hours of sleep
"Irregardless"
Ok I did some research and I see now but I swear I have never seen that on my timeline. on retiree twitter apparently
I forgot Chick-fil-A was closed on sundays so I just drive 20 min for nothing
hit the group chat
Dear Father Christmas. I think I need a new shower please
Take my blood
Scoliosis my whole life,, so I feel you
like I really wanna go buy food but I really wanna spend money on food AGAIN.
I want shunni ass to wake up already
please cuz I know sometimes my shit get to slipping
why is he so precious
And this is when I hate myself for being addicted to this site.
I have the worst headache ever!!
I want to eat, like all the time
o armstrong merece passar
So Ready To Get Off
Frfr??? She's such a doll!
All i been wanting is seafood
We really let that BS just happen..?
It be our own siblings mehn
No Mourinho!?
This weather for me dying bring me some
I just wanna whoop your ass with one of those my belts
I'm bored of people need to live the rest of m life out in a cave
Sunflowers, my favorite Italian food and cold stone ice cream
She da bestttt.
Replied with a couple and I see it !
Wish I had some spaghetti or Alfredo
The kitchen tho .... & the stomach just lord women are so strong
imagine you cold so ya bae give you they hoodie & it's musty
I wait to see Halloween wit my boo
Could do with a night out
It was showtime alright
sorry but I was so distracted by bulge
sis!! I wish!! You should come
Y'ALL. He could grate cheese with those abs right the frick over my olive garden salad.
"I'll tell you when to
can somebody take my phone like for forever since i like to play all day
I need something to do or I'm really going to die
Jalen Mills the only on D but damn yo stop gettin beat young bul
So brother nature went private after those old tweets got out. Bro just say you were immature like the rest of us and apologize
hate it when they dont go up and down
Stop it!!! Don't start I'm already holding back tears
Lmao me too I- heaux life
soooo much to do in Atlanta I needed more then 3 days
Nostalgia is so real right now
duuude breast number one fan
A Nagbe giveaway leads to a Fire attack and a goal
Idek she finally came out
Getting my nails done be therapeutic asf
omg so soon wait to meet him!!! X
My anniversary really next month... time is really flying by man. Like where tf has the year gone ?
I probably get attacked by bey hive for that tweet
staying my ass in the house next weekend...i blow to much money
We can only hope and dream for this
Damn
Seeing this on my feed blessed me once again
Defense is great for 3 quarters then fall apart
Lucky
I love a man that takes care of his kids
teabag my
I want a sternum tattoo
Praying that the rams D has a good game today
Mfs must still be up my line still rung
Why is Armstrong in the bottom two with Janice
Can this week be done already?
so glad I live down the street
are u going to correct this post
not Ashanti
Man, let me start deleting alllllll of my tweets then. Niggas even be reckless in peace
Two long away trips for use coming up
I just want my Facebook app to work
How many times can they baptize a person pliss
Torrey
Nah I really feel horrible. Just throw me away
late to everything. Tell me pls.
I love colourpop but waiting 3 weeks for a delivery is torture
We was just up 17-0 in the 4th wtf happened?!? This game should already be over!!
it, getting me a full whimsey for this coming winter
loll this is funny but over
This game bout to go into overtime
I was ready for Olatunji to bring soca to the stage every week
pitch dark , fan on , & my room SLEEP calling my name
Honestly in the mood for some wings
Man I miss my brother
did you see max ? ... i cant with my parents
drained physically & mentally, emotionally tired and spiritually all prayed out God just wrap your arms around me
Bro
daughter is this where her friends man
Kyrie left Cleveland cause he wanted to be the man and then got his team took by someone who even buy Mikes Hard Lemonade
Facts
I have the promo poster for oceans 8 in a frame and I really need to hang it but getting my wal decorated
think be able to watch Doctor Who next week
Truth
not Drinking for a Min this hangover nothing nice
Oi it just gets worse they just want me to be a skinny thing with a big head
i want everything
i ended up making over $450 for doing absolutely nothing shii was absolutely WILD. once i had made enough i
I been in bed alday
13 years older than my baby sister literally like her second mom or an auntie or something. she still be treating tf outta me tho
Im flying down.
You going? If so I wanna come with you
Team radio : Verstappen please let Hamilton through
Not Brother Nature
KKKKKKKK CERTEZA
Darn, I wanted him to get it in America but think we'll have to wait until the Mexican GP now
watched Coco about 10 times and i still go through it without crying
THIS been real useful rn
Girl, NEVER CHANGE THE ANSWER that you uncertain about it, NEVER believe me
I had 1 single beer last night and still lost my debit card
Slide over by baby bash will forever b a vibe
How am I suppose to read if this Atlanta and Chicago game good af
cant wait
I dont know you
SAARA - California via
Mad that this on iTunes.
I go to the board in 3 weeks
Chipotle sounds so good right now
I went huku for the first time last week I was so happy , loved their fat chipos and pancakes
if I lose all this work, I'm gonna go crazy.
this is meeee i took mine off three days ago and ready to have them back on
im trying to get there
Update for anyone that cares: still sick and coughing + I have a fever called out of work tomorrow
Sherrie fault
Someone show me some attention please before I throw a fucking tantrum
Poes all week in Bellville, pray for us
Janice in the singoff
I wait for the day I have my own bilingual mini me
In a wine cozy from the Kentucky derby the fuckin inspiration
dear lord, you continue to bring unexpected blessings into my life
but I hear taehyung
I figured
Yooo i need to go by myself smoke blunts & eat all that food
starting tonight , excuse me for any unusual behavior this week homecoming week bitchessss
Having a panic attack in these stands
Jared Leto in American Psycho looks so ... good.
I just want one near Ohio please ugh
This girl always falling asleep on me
Bruh so tired
I wanna but some bundles.
need these for ebony
Sex is cool but did use ever listen to hype depressing music after 12
Hot ..
fr im still recovering
Right now listen to the rest man Deep is my favorite too
Making my first U part wig today
& i know that shit was wrong I of did what i did
i really need to stop buying clothes so i can avoid doing laundry
Just one more position Ham
I need a mini nap before I can do anything today
I even see eggnog at the store
This cold is taking over my body
K pero what camera did you use for this
i posted selfies in years lmao
Was about to cop mad posters to hang up all over Albany.
all these lies ughhh
such a pretty day i wish florida weather was always like this
What the what? Grinding like crazy, and not. a. single. Halloween. skin.
Sis go to World Series
Happy Trails!
I have two pretty BBC babes on the go then? God damn it, but already in too deep.
This sample is long
Monday but why???....Knock slowly
Red be saving my life
Back to my work week
Ugh I wish I could relate
come one seriously why was Armstrong in bottom three? amazing
I know my son going be a cry baby cause I been crying my whole pregnancy
deadass tired but a little bit more editing and im done
Dang what happened to that?
i wanna see the new halloween movie so bad
someone that can handle your attitude
He's a very sad, misinformed man.
A one handed pick and a 50/50 ball pick
Word
Hate buying groceries too I love to eat
Been so down It feels good to feel pretty again
I just need my phone to charge so I can go to the gym
I already suffer from the first one.
Life of a college student
Mouth watering
Tell them
Litha how did I miss this post?! Hayi mahn awusemhle!
Why does Louis still look like baby Louis that was in this position in 2010
I have anything to do at work gonna be bored af . I brought my homework
my flight is delayed please entertain me
Stop!
Just one more position Ham and we can wrap this up
Cheers me dear! Mine is slowly dying and tonight it died the longest it has so far
going to the city & we gotta see aunt cha cha
Babyyyy you can come get her! She is terrible & BIG
I can't
All while trying to keep my sanity and not give up
United need Koulibaly and Lozano/Memphis in January
Weeeeeh Golf 6/7 drivers would rather cause an accident than let you overtake them
this makes me sick
mega lopunny be fit af with those legs
MAJOR TURN OFF
Back To Work Tomorrow Ima Be Tired Asf
Ah hell I feel u that is wack asf
Like so.... have u tried
Mercy! My legs and spine need time to recover
I actually had the worst hangover of my life today family nights are always a ball
tem nd p fazer, q isssso
Everything about him just makes me feel some type of way from the way he talks to the way he walks. Gahhh
come to the point in womanhood where it hurts my feet when I wear flat shoes
Santorini is on the top of my list
please take me to a Twenty one pilots concert...
Leave brother nature alone
ppl dismissing it as behavior.. 12 year old ass is tweeting swastikas and saluting hitler to be edgy
Love drought
Why are resale tickets for and $200 my broke college ass is just trying to turn up.
omg KING
I never been so excited for britt saying she on her way I miss my babygirl
Same. Buffalo & Cleveland
I want more Thrasher !
And just like that our weekend is over
They do this to popular people
Where the hell u go!!
What happened again not ready to fight antis again
The amount of breaks is a JOKE! Every 5/10 mins
already ready for next weekend
Please what are the signs of pregnancy again?
I think she Made It Clear ENOUGH
I want a beer
I feel like gaining instead of losing weight holding this candy Apple make it no better
Omg really?? :(( two years ago it used to be fans from home to vote hope for the best then
ALMOST done..... tired
so emotional today
Realized i drank alllllll of my wine last night & entirely too cold to go outside the struggle
tell all my problems to and
defleeee finna pass out and die from hunger
We still need a middle linebacker I thought kwon would be better
i missed my boo at my game yesterday
Howd you get that email? Also aint nobody got money like that
This lady finna do my feet meanwhile finna fall asleep
I wish I knew it be this bad. I see hella open tables and like wth they been sat
been a min since i had gumbo
I really believe Nati and Zoe; they let me flirt and be a hoe in peace
I wait to show our again
I hope hot when I get to the beach tomorrow
Am I the only one that know how you use Snapchat
my body makes me feel like a 90 year old woman
Graduations be so drawn out
you tooo love!
The next 10 days better fucking fly by!!! I wanna be 18 already
whoever hacked my spotify deleted all but 2 of my playlists...my heart is broken
Some insomnia cookies would be GREAT right now
Wow what a wonderful and complicated tale
How has Janice not got through but Accacia & Aaliyah have
That really did work
Like why I been eating them? Lol
Fine Time by SWV.
I miss London
Ate like a pig this weekend Dreading getting weighed this week
Yo sometimes when it feels like everything is falling apart all you want is your mama
| Me right about now.
horrible
My body. Is. So. Sore
everytime i come to brockton and time to go back to school i deadass be sick to my stomach
terrified of dentist lawd idk how ima get this tooth pulled somebody got to hold my hand
Same same same except I have less then 3 weeks like any day
Us in just a sec
I BELIEVE lovely Vick is gone and I have to watch Sean Walsh prancing around for at least another week
Oh I'm glad they did! Mine has only got worse since my sister's wedding
THANK YOU!! I was just literally looking and struggling for who to vote
And here goes Campbell
Oh damn but, to be fair people keep blaming it on team and it could well be Camila/team that want
I want to relive this set because wow bendonwabe kakbi. I almost got admitted
Who fucked up this week
Oh no we suck again Jags
Janice, Olatunji & Armstrong in the first bottom three... expected that! Gutted for Janice! She go first week
Something no right if you claim your bf is also your best pal
can people just... try to be nice to each other?
the worst
That's it, Hamilton 3rd now, sooo close
SAME OH MY GOD he looks so good i can't breathe
I want a book case but i really have no room for it
Ffs Hamilton
I do be proper wrecked after my shifts
craving fufu and fisherman okra
mondays gonna be the hardest thing
Where?! Lol I seen any yet
I miss that shit !
Come on November
Noooooooo he deserved to stay
So you cheated without me?
Legs & feet hurt so bad
My tia came over and brought snacks and drinks
I love my parents and little brother
Fuckkkkk nearly had him
Twitter
my music is so diverse and twitter probably don't know half of it
Ahhhhhhhh that was the chance
not tonight
Absolutely gutted for she was clearly a better dancer than Seann... anyone might think they wanted
This day is never going to end
I hope I never have to shiiddd when we stop working together going to be tragic.
I really want to go back to Aguascalientes, been almost 8 years
Omg the haunting hill house! But I just stop watching it
I never upload pics on Twitter lol
Yes it was so fun but it was just cold
why do you always take the high road .
Me & you, amazing. If you ever leave be waiting.
How did I miss that childish gambino is going to be at the O2 ??
another week of struggle hairstyles
it's crazy how accurate Lil Baby was w/ dat "Close Friends"
ugh cween
scared gna hurt more than when I got the industrial bar but I reallyyyy want it
My allergies really tried to end me today, but they will not prosper. I seriously have the WORST fall allergies
OHHHH MANNNN - IT WAS ALMOST THERE
I wanna go to shell shack
Take me back to Bahamas please!!!
Yall better be ready
Why lord does it have to be my team why it be or team!
I really love football
Why I ain't get this damn notification
Actual dreading the exam tomorrow, so not prepared
Dear future husband
I need this
I remember that they do the sing off, then judges each vote who they want to send home and if
I feel so hungover in the most sober way
Bruh where is the tequila I need it
Them fried shrimp at Ice House was fire
My apartment really trifling like how tf our garage gate broke
Ahhh Hamilton
oooop , Aaron is almost back ugh yes
Hopefully potty training will be a breeze
she falling in love with you but you love somebody else
I love how whole Indy wrestlers look up to Kelly Kelly and people be talking about her having no impact all day
Saving up is hard when you want to do so many things and buy so many things
I do at least 25 lbs but I love food too much
I even thinking about sex until i got on Twitter every other scroll
better than good.
since cara & margot are best friends, can margot and priyanka become friends too or is that too much to ask for!!
I hate when I drink bc I feel so dehydrated
I want lash extensions again but am I willing to let go of all this healthy growth made
ready to be 21 already fuck
And I said is good... girl keep that stragglers
Damn I give you the goods to take to work
So busy
Men seryeuzman nou imajine nou on coach premye match li pral jwe nan liga a son clasico?
Aswear
wish i have such a guard up all the time
lol im bored
this wig lmao ppl think kim chi yeet
Ugh got Sunday night blues
You Can Only Hold In So Much Shit
I want some seafood preferably 2Fish
wait to get my hair done
I see how people are fake 24/7 i just ready to quit my job bc tired of fake laughing/ fake loving my job allat
Woww took my breath away
I don't know o. I use android..
But try Downloading from ..theg have TV series too
This Girl Got So Much Ass, Ridiculous
Summer left without 30 notice
I just wanna be able to get my nails done
Lemme find out Florida trynna get cold , about time
No Title party for Lewis today
I wish they can say WHEN at least so I can find out when this suffering will end
I deserve the same treatment
Are you not seeing that is how it is
She have the best ever , I just stop thinking about them times , it will be late night and we will fuck until we go to sleep
I was a massive fan..... but now flogging a death horse springs to mind
You look better in green though
the worst thing about eating good is the food baby afterwards like go away mini me not ready for you yet
This gif
I wait to get some sleep
My head is fckin pounding from all the mixed drinks I drank last night
your always on my mind
be glad when they come down nxt month
I been in this chair 3 hours dude say I got 3.5 left
maybe you dumb bitches should listen to shbups instead
I wish Anessia was home
I wish i was a guy sometimes so i can have that mujeres y botellas typa life
Doing my makeup , having money & my hair done makes me so happy
Trying to decide what hair to do for Halloween is very difficult
can somebody help me recover my locked twitter acc
been so long since....
Actual thought of the flight to work tomorrow
When I saw the baby little legs
telling you the best i read letters to jade everyday
bouta sleep like a baby when I get off
dito poor baby
He's not a rookie tho
Omg this just brought back so many memories bruh
I really wait a whole week for this 5th championship
This is so fucking stressful.
I miss my baby girl so much
no please i've eaten cheese frenchees twice this week
Why Its So Easy To Get Attached But So Hard To Let Go
My sister just made me cry
living my dream
The shittiest connection they ever had I thought it was my wifi ahsjdjkd
Vettel this what you should have done in Suzuka and lap 1 . Wait for your moment
Exactly tf the man obviously changed or it was fluke he only talk to animals
Really want some French Toast
Honestly an absolute joke hope doing ok darling, get through it!!
Ion think me and Brittney should drive... We stay fucking up a car
It feel so good outside
I really need some down female friends thas gon do wild shit with me all my girls live far
I also want some Cajun pasta from granite city
The pineapple tattoo is just killing the game!! -Mr
only bobek i taey*ng
these pictures and videos I have in my phone of myself ..
I ate since I woke up
Lmao ok maybe blind but that look like he flicked his lip. It look like he spit. Idk I would feel a ways too
my makeup coming out good
drop your skincare routine omg
Babe starts daycare tomorrow
This fair!
My next off day till Wednesday
Post a picture I wanna see!
lawd, old age is upon me
not to mention I been online shopping daily for the last damn week damn I gota problem fr.
Man my stomach touching my back
Eagles defence imploding yet again
I need that
Work starts on Tuesday and nervous level is highhhh brooo
wanna hear a Yung Bleu and Tokyo collab
Let me be this child
This is the confidence i aspired all my life to have
But i wanted to keep this car for one more year i never had the same car for two years
Constantly tired
I fckn Hate when I get indigestion
After that nice long shower
I fucking love that song
straightened my hair in over a year should I bc I know this growth something serious
Idk why I still have social media, I hate all washed up, peaked in high school mfs
ArMys DEath yes! I agree
My ass & thighs are spreading like peanut butter
Brady have to much time
I fucking love that song
ALL GAYS DO IS PANIC AND CRY
I really like Janice (&armstrong)
I be missing my baby when at work
i have officially become my mother, i stash money in my bra. i just pulled out a $5.
Today has been poo...
What you will find in Europe... for people who eat ICE... that happening captain!
But then once
Stop my heart is combusting
I just got mad Sunday so changos closed
This boy talking about am I ready for lunch , bruh , going to be so fat the way this man keeps feeding me
Oh hell no not scrub the asshole with a toothbrush
So I got this PR conference I have to attend in Baltimore next month but I want to go I rather go to NYC lol
I died my hair in almost a year
i almost lost my mind for a second then i realized his name is RugFaZe on IG
I wonder how much my hockey card collection I had as a kid would be worth today? My mom threw them out by mistake years
SMonday feeling left right and centre tonight
She was suppose to pay me back
Ya ampun, I'm very hambar person in the world kayy. I don't know how to make a joke . And u think I'm
I even be pressed when someone reply to my until like 3 days later cause I be doing the same shit
ARGH!!! Soooo damn close Lewis Next time out
Really wished she sang dreamer
Te odio
Eagles having a hard time today.
lmao fuck u they have me testing hcu brake lines now that shit is a muthafuckin job itself lol
Annoying
Mexico it is
ya bitch just copped a job at forever 21
phone calls be so relieving
Caribbean Spice would be openin back up when i move out of Gainesville
I promise I be good & never do it again
I really love F1 racing my dream to be a driver.
She is rly so buff
need the shoes bruhh and the jacket
I literally fall asleep everywhere I go and eat like starving !!
i hate that i lost my appetite after having my son
She want a show
I swear foreign accents are such a turn on... specially the french accent godddddd!!!
written plenty letters about us i read a few of them
mean wait forever cause you guys read signals
My bed + my dark ass/cold room is a trap
I was gonna finish doing my makeup later today at work and I forgot it all
glad Brina sent me the growling video gonna be my pick me up
I want to go to the movies
I want crab legs
so loud
I definitely underestimated how horrible 9ams 5x a week would be
can really have miami spring break, i want it lol never have
This is certainly going to be a colorful carnival. These costumes look amazing
I really needa stop dressing like idc it so comfortable I dislike girly clothes tbh I always have
I want a baby ugh
I just listened word for word and I was like damn I wanna sing this about someone
I need to study for my mid-term tomorrow
I keep seeing requests for a DeBarge biopic. Please no, their story is so heartbreaking and traumatizing
why boys like to celebrate they birthdays?? like girls be going all out! dedicate the whole month to ourselves
Take me to Iceland
Oof really wanna draw Diana from 7 Deadly Sins
If only he had a grav slam
When Taylor come home
My heart
We need a Big play defense
My mum waited about a month when she ordered from them x
The black one right
Me too
all you
Very sad.
sorry I love her but Janice sing
She always busy make that money babyyyyy!
My lunch buddy off today so now bored
I need to start going to the gym again
Red days sucks!
We need Allen back badly
Man these turkey wings smell good asf
I found out how to anger a bunch of females kms lmao
awwee goalss
ugh i need more i need HQ pictures and videos why i need it to happen again
so much easier for a man to find a cougar than a woman finding a sugar daddy.
I really hate going places with my family. They are so loud
I came in Target with somebody else money
Miss being in the marching band in high school
First day nerves are kicking in a day early
He fucked his knee up tho
it, turning my heat on
having the best day!
pronunciation
Just broke a nail I still have two more days in Vegas
i never win anything
I really want to go to Disneyland.
ikr i cringe when i see it even with japanese users like i *KNOW*...but also
I really needa stop dressing like idc but like so comfortable & I dislike girly clothes, tbh I always have
vinny's mgs streams made me marathon the rest of the series so good so good
Twitter made me bust out laughing at work and my manager was very concerned lol. This app needs to relax
And the police just had to come kick about 15 underage kids out of Halloween
my face breaking out ima put a face mask on!
The lines are so long tho
Swear
My son not gone be around you fake bitches that only want come around for pictures
gorgeous ugh im so jealous
Last night they played Zero, and teased the release of Origins once or twice
That Olsen touchdown had me screaming... but now this flag on Bradberry
I wish I cold nap longer
Epic shit
omg this is too cute
Sunday night TV lineup includes Favourite Biscuit
I want a boo so I can go to a Haunted House w/ them
i look at their pictures all day I love my trio;
Je pas miley
so excited for Seattle next month omg
Got to love kimi Ferrari radio done my Kimi well done p18 -> p2
I want to write this paper brah
so excited for next month i have so many blessings coming my way
door dash is my life now a problem
This team is gonna break my heart. Eagles already in the Redzone after we just took the lead
My hair takes sooooooo long to take down from braids 2 hours now
How am I supposed rub vicks on my own damn back kmt
How do you tell somebody friends with that you want them to fuck you into the middle of Christmas. asking for a friend
Really want some sweet potato fries
Louis sounds so upset because of Armstrong and making me sad
I on social media the entire weekend. how you know I was drunk af the whole homecoming weekend
Why I born a lesbian
soooo hungry and for once I have no clue what I want
I want a banging body and clear skin. Is that too much to ask
this is so cutte
2 special teams TDs have it
Who has coursehero?
Mdr chiant toi
i feel like everything is slowly falling apart & only gonna get worse with time
Tbh
someone please take hair dye away from me..
Honestly to pay off these student loans man I just wanna be debt free
Lol okay chunti chill.
Lmfaoo it be like that for me sometimes. sigh, a skruggle.
Excited to see my baby, I miss him lol
im counting the days until next summer
We are not about to do this
Craving wing stop
I need to get my strength back after the hospital. I miss the gym
so glad going get my hair done tomorrow
Getting ready for worc
Thats a Mcnaab throw
I stand her
Spiders why
Why can't I sleeeeeep?????
Mercedes have absolutely fucked that race
tan supportive vas a ser
I want some saltfish fritters
da hungriest time n life is wen u just gettin outta church b ready eat whole fuckin cow
I need some new thongs & jockstraps
Ready To Be A Goddie
so blowed
Just seen Jermaine Pennant was on the Jeremy Kyle show geezer used to play in the Champions League
Oomf sooo fine! God really took his time when he made him
Nvm I See the Tweets Now
Ugh.. heard good, but too scared
so disappointed in us
Period cramps are the worse
So do I but I think emotionally ready for it to end!!!!!! XX
Dude we need to go u know I been craving
On a summer night bro.. mosquitos tore my ass up. Literally
Yo can this year be over already rough out here
I wanna go to Puerto Rican party
Rick just asked if we should take a bottle for the road
I think after this weekend tainted my friend guys lol
Take my hand
It looks like gonna have to do the same
Wow. Ok. THAT good huh? Teach me
My whole body is sore
Allllll the time
But the offense is ruined
they grow fast buy too much I learned the hard way
I look so cute today but take selfies to save my life
Mfs have to delete all their social media as soon as they become famous fucking with
Seriously ? get in the fucking bin
Tired is an understatement rn
Trying Girl ! Thank You
Pozole would be amazing right now
i really wanted grilled food but I have nobody to grill for me
Alright guys so it seems like really throwing the Halloween party
cause Brother Nature lock his account
Ikr marty im scared
I hate coffee majority milk>coffee. I literally need it like 90% coffee and the rest milk
a nigga finna go watch the jackson 5 now
I wanna go home for thanksgiving now. Even Hodo is going home
So I finally got this my yummy perfume ... thanks to my Arab friend I him. But thank you
need to sort out a big boy job stat.. having my day off on a monday is the most boring thing in the world
I love when calls me asking for advice like he really values my opinion wow.
Soup and cuddles. Yaassss. Literally what I need. and my head and back rubbed. so groggy rn.
Why am I sore and bruised from a dodgeball tournament
Office building tomorrow . Thank god
Always love the Brilliant race! So close Bring on next week!!
I take enough cute pics of myself for these tags just videos of my friends & I doing dumb shit lmfao
Having a house with your significant other is aggravating asf
Why do I find everything funny never angry.
Somebody annoy me please
Please let these damn redskins Win cause If they dnt Im not goin hear the last of it
Ok I am settled enough I need friends to start comin over... bring drugs too
My service sucks out here
Graduating and not having to worry about HW, papers, mid terms, finals and driving all the way to school going to feel so good
I did
I got your number but I completely forgot to text you that I changed it
Pharm test Tuesday then clinical Thursday and Friday. Dear baby Jesus please help me conquer this week.
I stay channeling the Moon child like if this me
you still look pretty af
it be reenter instead of reenters??
tues do i can be off til next wed
how bad can a piece of ass be, yea pretty bad.
... took your advice. not even close
My Knee kneeling mother fucking Reid. Please over turn that
I wait to purchase a home omg
going back to work after a whole week off is gonna be a mission and a half
This has always been my fear at parties
So they said
mess with my mutuals hoe
Omg I wish chick fil a was open in Sunday they would make so much more money
I got faith
The wedding
Friday is so far yet so close
TOLD yall tyga would bodied this beat.
KIMI!!!!!!
And out and missed the race
so many delays, I missed the start of my race!
Ughh I want that parka so bad omg not only is it actually useful and cute but basically my
not brother nature
Miss the way things use to be, but I have to remember it will never be the same
Say it louder bihhs different okay
I just wanna rest and eat lol but I gotta clean up and cook Lml be alright
hate the fact that i have to wear short nails for work like i love my long nails!!
I just understand some of you bitches , but do you girl do you lmao
Hahaha I know! still awaiting to be an auntie you will be a fab uncle little cuz xx
Watched Not One Halloween Movie This Month Big Tripping
Waaaaaaaaaah buti na lang may twitter
Rindu lagi dia pakai spec huhu damn my girl shoo cuteee can i kiss her non stop
starting to look like the Bears
surprising skirts are extremely hard to identify on Korean websites
My Hair Is So Damaged
How are you supposed to keep a conversation going if both people are bad at it?
I just want to go home
I seen the sun in so long. I thought it was never coming back out.
my home screen is kinda cute
I hate doing laundry
i even buy me a new coat yet and cold already
I love her but she oversang and it was terrible lol
kill for that to happen to me!
This Bubble jacket though
ughh lets make somebody else famous & then resurface old tweets months later again. that was fun
My head is hurting hungry
I had to read this 4 times before I got it.
I have bruises everywhere
I bet he gave head like his life depended on it because it did
Finals Exam today in Statistics
89.33%
feeling disappointed
Nah look how easily the meat fell off the bone
deeper than that .. rondo had to fuck his bitch
The weekends not even over and I want to to be next weekend already
Same. Which is why I keep telling these folx to scrub their shit
Bitches wAs in red bottoms and had they faces beat at the Cheesecake Factory meanwhile I had on vans and a hoodie
fucked up
Daddy please, let's relocate to Canada
He keeps calling the finance minister Muthuli
why is it so hard !!??
They taking forever
Fenty Beauty keeps snatching my ugliness away and here for it
But 2 scared
Teach me sis
These pictures + that caption = ugh your mind
Why this cough just leave me aloooone
So close for Hamilton what a race!
All I want is sex and some Chinese food
The Green Mile is on Netflix
You too??? and are sick also why is the snake den being attacked
Can I just speak my mind and not be judged
my fans when i take a huge steamy shit: ugh king your bowels
Growing up watching the kardashians, i loved them and i honestly ill be pretty satisfied in life if i saw them in person!
I met the loml last night
all Okay to get down there .... got to go down these ...
Getting my hair done when I get home
& bad how fast I blow it
been sleep all day I really need that!
I need to go to kohls but I dont have the energy
Ce regard Yoongi il portait trop d'attention notre gradin
This cold weather making me wanna dye my hair darker
a for army
cutting onion
In bed exhausted after a long day of being in bed exhausted
thats my boo out there
Beach withdrawals
I have my family appropriate costume but now I need my thottie hoe costume
on some freshly shaved legs, cocoa butter, and silk sheets shit rn. I need a boooooo
boutta be endless food I need to
Yass Pull My Shit
All the men I like are celebrities or fictional
Omg I think I just might end with all As this semester
Im Sick Af i wish i had a girlfriend to take care of me
surprisingly skirts are the most hard to identify
I had so much fun last night
sound good af rye bout na.
C'mon Chicago don't be Daaa Bears
i just want to know what irritated my eye
... what race is this young man though?! He appeared to me to be a Latino but it matter ... saying out
Lmao at least me I need the clout
updates to may not come until January 2019!
I keep eating these chews that help you keep your weight up sooo good though
Ion think I slept this late or good in forever
I feel this way w Sams nephew, want him to get big.
I wait till I say this again
i want some brown stew chicken with cabbage and rice
How are you feeling about broken arm?
clap again
I woke up to a flooded apartment how it goes when it rains in Vegas.
My skin literally has 5 days to get into line I need to look flawless next week, any suggestions for clear skin?
I want a really bomb foot massage
i need a workout partner
Today actually reminded me why I am not keen on hosting
My bed though
Cant travel till I'm 21 . bitch cant leave the sates
still tryna fw the movies today , nobody to go with ..
New book! And last.
just let me drink my pumpkin spice latte in peace
That feeling when two Facebook friends are discussing and your a pilot Do I say anything or no?
why am I like this
I haaaaaate doing my hair but I refuse to cut it
this whole scene has me in tears
I hope my bitch never get tired me eating her pussy... I die
I need to get up and go get some gas
Mannn brother nature went private before i decided to follow him
I would love to meet you , but in Texas.
this nigga b so hurt that I need him or b pressed abt him what happens when u fuck wit a bosssss
Swear not stopped drinking the last 4 days
Laaaaa 2%
baby
why are you so perfect
you made my whole day
Only person that keeps me sane is of miles away
Everybody tell me this
My check gone be nice
I want a bbq plate
I legit pick the worst day to go to a pumpkin patch it was so cold out
Trash theology
Lick my pussy please
I really want this blood test tomorrow
i want the best for myself & to be genuinely happy
Sad but true
oh man sorry that work was so boring today! It probably made the time go by a lot slower
ouf
HE DOESSSSS pls protect this boi always
I want some mfin seafood boil (3 tha Chi way)
Naw forreal. Some people cant afford it but need the advice. My therapist be out here tryna help a sistah out
Sephora is such a trap
I I need to do my hair I just don't have the energy
again, explaining himself
they should not be out yet
I wonder how you know what the devil's saliva tastes like
My Apple Watch keeps telling me to breathe bc so anxious watching
i just need some i just need some love, tired of messing with these lame niggas baby, i just need a thug.
He left me on read now idk what else to do lol
I love a women wit a full set of lips like come here give me a kiss
I just wanna fall asleep. Alas!
Was sitting here and started to think about Gabbana ( well the episode). Well u get another dog?
Louis made for sending people home, you can see the struggle
Why why WHY does this always happen?!
Between the kids room and mopping my floor downstairs I be drained
I blacked out in my own car and woke up in my bed this morning and remember nothing my brother and boo were clutch
Trubisky fucking sucks today
I can spend 300k on a 3 bedroom townhouse in Frederick or I can get a single family 4 bedroom house built in Memphis for 200k.
Thank you
factsss
Cranberry
Nah fr causeeee been a long ass time we even gotta spend money on a date I just like quality time all
Escaping accidents are funny and not so funny... like what if i died
Astros died for this
its 3 days before spm but i really wanna go though
not brother nature
Overall i had the most fun at the Trap than these parties
This trip back to La is going to be so long
Awww poor Rey
cleaning up my laptop and saw my acceptance letter from law my life been so different
Why does my child always fall asleep right before we have to get ready for things!
Why is EVERYTHING i want out of stock
I wanna see the new gurl!! Do we know who she is??
Domo said Crissy took the gurl on vacay & said Domo was easy to get over
Girl I totally forgot about my niece bday party at 3!! sorry!
chocolate ass
I need a plug for me some uggs
This is nerve racking bro
Can somebody update me
The worst is when you interact with them and then their owner pulls them away/tells them to get down
That moment when John Cena is better at Chinese than you are
When you block they number an they email you gooodnight
Do it for the ones that cant he'd have like 20 rn if armys minded their business
It makes me sad that winter is coming .. Sun bathing out the back over the cold weather any day
And it work??
are worse than H*tler
I don't have money yet
Don't switch on me I got big plans
Why do I pick apart every photo of myself
All good angles and lighting and hiding the dadbod belly getting bigger right now
I want some white rice and coleslaw
Yeah when cold
I sat my ass down since I got off work Friday
retired but ok fursure now I know
I always attract a BROKE ass nigga niggas be having shit to their names but a bottle & some pills .. fuck outta here
.my stomach still really fucked up from that damn alcohol
$1500 is the most willing to spend now for round trip
Packing to move overseas throw out cold & flu meds get sick 12 hrs later. Brilliant.
They sleeping on me
so ready to be fine again
My ribs are at 1000000 for how much been coughing
Why do I even watch football
hate u give is definitely a must watch
not ready to leave my baby
lmaooo fuck. thnx for the reminder queen
gray on top of grey feels great
prepare for the water works lil water bean
Erry weekend I just be following the hashtag to see what the hell is going on and I assume we bout to lose lol
really 7 Billion people in the world and you really gon care abt each and everyone of their opinions
My coworker a real one, she prerolled a wood for later tonight after work
a true talent jesus but the original beauty SHEESH
Louis is so supportive
pay someone to do my essay
My almost 6 month baby already knows to take steps and walk if your holding him for his little hands
Louis looks so gutted bless him
Damn tired as fuck
Fuck Idk what to say
actually assorted inside these eggs, my neighbor is going to kill me
My phones on 8%
Ahhh beautiful little face looked devastated he was literally pleading with simon
That is pathetic
They used to just come for mating season in Feb but now they seem to come and go whenever they feel like it.
wait to go home and shower and sleep w babyboy
I not hate
I am only fool and funny
Wooooooooooooooow , I know you fucking lying
I be hot asshit then soons I take my socks off freezing
I need that
in that phase in my life where not comfortable BUT trusting God through it all
never sent anything back at a restaurant before i feel so bad
Beefing is a broke bitch sport
starving I want Beni & going to
Fear them with all your heart
Honeyyyy jinx it
Tbh I hate pop
But they programmed like the sims
Yep. Proved me right! There was no way Armstrong the best singer just then!
what a game
I want this DVD
But I wanna go to Aldi also
exhausted I wait to get this flight done
Kaidens so nice to the girls here . He needs a sister already
that's a crime
I need to stop playing & go get my coat & uggs
come to brazil pls
I always forget how much I love Pinterest
Ahhhhh Armstrong was one of my faves
When I got it done but it healed really fast and I feel it at all now.
i can never find the strength to get up & put on clothes
Can you please take your card
His homeboys wanna fuck me. & every bitch in the hood wanna fuck on him bc me!!
JT
I made my gf mad , I suck
What happened with brother nature I was asleep
watch football and eat wings naked
me too
My fault Philly
Too hungover to spread love today.. hope find love elsewhere depleted
God I could use a vacation like this
not the only one then...
she used to be on vine? i know seen so many of her dancing videos but i remember where
I am dying to go to terminal v
As the weather gets colder missing the warm summer days (And my bright pink hair)
.
Even though I love fall
Back to reality until my next lil get away.
Henny makes everything better son bugging
Ugly twat though
STAHP!!!
- i want some buss up shut sooooo bad right now
Only true jacquess fans know how hard 5 steps really run
Sometimes with Zara having 2nd look around helps
Credo
BROTHER NATURE AN ANGEL TO ME
\
( (>
_/ \_
My heart dropped when Nickerson turned around
Seriously?! You lose it all in one quarter. It was 17-0 in fourth quarter
It's all Fams fault why we lost
omg those eyes! I would spoil tf out of this dog
idk how people have so much energy for that
I have the hiccups
The ones I think don't cheat be the ones cheating yall are so fucked up
I love working out and a bit upset my abs come through yet. But I also eat Popeyes and Oreos so.... why
Loooool this is so real
Fuck all that pride put that shit aside and ride for me
Gutted about Armstrong going home
Show me your wayyyyyssssss
Old pictures be making me miss my weave but loving my curls right now
Can we at least give Brother Nature a chance to respond & apologize ...damn, I still want him to be the next Steve Irwin
ready go
thinking about this paper I have to do is upsetting me
Omg pls do! I bet they will look good on you! Just sometimes it looks good on pictures but in person it looks bad
That was a bit of the old Simon, which I miss so much.
tots is on and I find my remote
When you left home full and they offer you a whole plate of food
this was one of the most SEXIEST performance ever ...Like wtf? Stick your automatic dick in me
Why are you like this
A visual representation of me bumping to stoopid I hate that it slaps man
My baby will be 5 in 10days I think ima gonna cry
wow chelbi you and hannah are all up then there is me but for this
my best friend is such a solo stan . i mean its totally fine to have a bias but everytime i look at her phone
First time wala sa top 5, karon gi balik ang q and a! Wow!
I need to stop smoking, reckon I spent nearly on it this month
today is Sunday lord and the devil is using me
I want what ever having
Missed that whole panthers come back at the damn grocery store. I hate adulting
This is all I ever think about and I thought I was weird just wanna put in a drip
We get it a medical student
I don tell you before go start to dey sing, I'll be your writer advice her nah
The tan is fading and the winter coat is out. Would do anything to be back on this beach right now
I worked weeks on this poster in my graphic design class cant wait to pull up to the funktion with it DONT
WHY HAS NOBODY TAKEN MY EXTREMELY ENTHUSIASTIC RECOMMENDATION YET?????????????????????? I WANNA TALK ABOUT TONI COLLETTEEEEEEEE.
damn if l'm reading this tweet it's too late
The Rick James Greatests Hits Album does not have Fire & Desire, fucking imagine
This will be my last day ever eating Mac and cheese bout to go alllllllllllllll OUT.
If only all boys were brought up to treat girls like this
I want to go back to the cold
He soo cute
I wanna hang my tv on my wall but I got a lot to do with that room
What have I done to deserve such an awful weekend of football
howls moving castle will be my next, spirited away was good but not as good as I expected
Shidd I doubt it
If I thought I could pull off a tapered cut I would cut my hair in a heartbeat
never felt the way I feel rn
Felt so bad for Armstrong, he should have been given a chance
This mall bout dead af
I need music
Really On My Death Bed Over Here
spending time around American high schoolers and so grateful I do high school here omg
After God, Fear UCU women
See you at 2am
Anyone else got a headache after the X Factor?
Eagles and Jaguars both have the same record, but that make me feel better. They have Carson Wentz and we
Anyone else got a headache after the X Factor?
Stopped in 2017...right after I stopped dating a Xhosa man, picked up so much weight
I heard my son voice since Friday night he just now calling talking bout some hi mommy oh you dk me nomore huh
I knowwww I said the same thing
Rain again today..
Really Want A YouTube Channel Gotta Make It Happen !
I went out w/ oomf once. & never had a hangover like that in my entire life
So many hits on that album
How could they send home Armstrong???
Hahaha! But Lan Zhan deserved to get f*cked too
What's the fans opinion on bottom Lan Zhan? Because
Happy i like sports fr Cuz this shit pissin me off
not too late
The last time I seen my nigga man I gotta go to the A soon
Me as a girlfriend
Same old shit
just landed & my friends hit me with that text
We lost
ooo man I hope my plans go right
Knew Robbie would take his side Armstrong was the better singer by a long shot
I was sleeping good af til fat head called
Nah I need it to fully be dvd quality at least. . Why are you good with any imagery?
I wanna go to the pool but I hate the kiddie pool by my spot
My grandma been so proud of me right now
18lbs away from my 1 year goal.
addicted to reading books on wattpad
It it so hard tryna get back right , when you got no help
im so horny
This should be against the law
Chale some things most of us were deffo ignorant of but absolutely not on some hail Hitler white power shit
hate u isss so good I cried like 3 times.
My eyelashes need infilling so bad
Shit, sleepy lol can I make it home that wine got me
is good for newly released movies, yet to find a good site with no ads to just for all movies
I fucking hope not
Yooo if only this nigga man Fuck my lifeeeeeee
No why are we so in sync
is it
I want a burger and fries from Steak Shake so bad. But not willing to wait 40 in the drive thru
girl no lol I hella saw you too but not til you walked out I was hella tryna finish the line to go up to you too
today was the first day in over a week that I was able to eat without my mouth hurting
I really gotta move out of jersey
I see what doing lord
I understand going for points...but you only needed 2 yards for the first down
Someone try this vegan Mac n cheese hack and let me know if good (But I recommend boiling your pasta
I want some crab and shrimp
Think how FISK will manipulate the Avengers to his will like Doctor Strange !
Terrible loss agree
Patriots baby
i called out fckn tired
Yo the way my mom talks to my dad is ridiculous, I understand why I have no chill
it was Friday a second ago.
Eagles?
Dang ... We win them all
Can we talk about Hailey three years ago?
came back for you, I just needed time
It got cold and my lips chapped 24/7 son
Kash doll snapped on
Gtfoh I hate these damn shoes. Get me out of md
I need a trip to Cali w my best friend ASAP
This thing ehn
Hopeless romantic & I cant help myself
i really hope my night at work goes by fast then 2 days offff!
Who was plug in 2016
Wanting a thigh tattoo
Rowan, my baby
Damn bra do brother nature is cancelled
lol I never have a boyfriend for the holidays
I just had an utter disaster trying to make hash. Looked and smelled like dog food
Hungry AF , Know What I Want To Eat RN
bruh. twitter.. y'all are too much today.
This is why I watch football... think I watched maybe 15 minutes of this games and my anxiety is so bad right now!
I love roller coasters so much
Got such a bad habit of laying down right after I eat
Scary part is , you dont know if getting played or if really into you ..
I think actually allergic to roast dinners
i love both of my best friends they so cute
the hair the watch the shirt the stance and that smirk just call it the dceu and go
I muted the word Tangela and yet I still see it I dislike Tangela just their crazy fans.
Money buy happiness but I definitely be feeling this stressed if I had in my Bank
that Simple
I have to do some adulting that requires getting dressed and leaving my house. I want to.
Not y'all comparing Brother Nature to George Zimmerman.
Passed up ATI just so I could catch up on sleep
Had me thinking this was your drop I literally jumped.
had her chance at a career years ago it fair
Literally me when people call me princess/ babygirl
what are you talking abt
i honestly love doing my hair but i just cannot find the energy today
Cardiac Cats back at it again
Spent a relaxing weekend in. what happens when your man works weekends
that feeling you get when literally nothing wrong, you just feel down for no reason at all is the worst
The peanut butter shake is permanently off the menu?!?!!! What is this life of mine now?!!
so hard when I work at 3am and then trying to wake up early
done irked Uncle Shay
someone take me to the pumpkin patch
Browns. The source of my Sunday anxiety.
Y'all really the worst at talking shit tho y'all honestly make it easier to be miserable
Dis was me Goodwill cuz nobody would hire someone 28weeks pregnant I put my 2 weeks in so mfn fasttt
LMFAO you just had to bring it here.
Same here. I was here for Canela
I absolutely hate waiting for a package to come in the mail
this medicine got me hot asf
Tell me about it!!
I really want a MacBook Pro for Christmas 1month to save? JOKE
I think I might be a little crazy. Smh I swear I used to be normal
This. The on screen siblings in law shot we will never see
Waiting on that text
Who daughter trying cook for me tonight
Nahhh idk what Hannah up too
Looking for the perfect venue for this wedding is so stressful
thank youu coughs same coughs
I need a Red Bull or Starbucks to wake up. exhausted
me too
Her sleeve. If I had the freedom, definitely get one.
Well, darn it I wait for you to make more opalite pieces! been wanting one for soooo
and I still get my bday breakfast either
These cramps are killing me
Must Be Nice
Guys who hit on girls when they have a girl are the more disgusting. Bruh, get some self esteem in your life.
Tough game to watch
walked outside for 2 seconds and got attacked by mosquitoes
The iPhone demos got stolen at work but the guy couldn't take the iPhones off of the display locks so my guy stole the whole display table
I wait till my weight come back
Making a Murderer on Netflix is definitely my fucking shit!! obsessed with the documentary Steven Avery is an INNOCENT MAN!!!!
All the kids love Haven even Jaycee Pooh
Bravo
Respect!
Et Chouchou VETTEL 4eme
No just the doge kind of sad
Waiting on my brother steelo to pull up on me.
Who's the model? God damn!
Goddamn this swelling is so annoying I even mind going into labor rn so that this swelling could go away
Can someone do my shift tomorrow pls
I wait until this is over
The Cardiac Cats!!!! They find a way to wreck my nerves every week!!
Simon will do everything he can to ruin Louis but we knew that
there is this boy that I want to fuck, yoh
I foresee her doing porn next, fitness porn perhaps
MEEEE !!! Sis I even missed Sunday lunch because I drank so many pain killers and passed tf out Is
I had to leave my house my dad & his friends was getting on my nerve with the game
lawd let this game stress me
So pretty
Wtf why would people do that ?
Why my house so cold...
Ugh my throat hurt
sad how one day gon get married and not live with my mum my best friend
Just wanna lay up and watch tv
so blessed to have 2 healthy babies You
Guys who hit on girls when they have a girl are the most disgusting. Bruh, get some self esteem in your life.
Ugly dudes be the flyest, funniest, sweetest, most adventurous & spontaneous.
I honestly wait to go back to the gym 2mrw
Too much pressure wallah
I really witness two prostitues getting picked up last night , crazy
Whewww Chyy Pumpkin Festival Got Me Tired But All He Kept Asking For , Anything For The
how tying to be the whole weekend of my birthday .
i watched svu is so long
Supergirl tonight
When you find out that the $1.50 theater is $6.99 now
Yeah and she will do the same for him
still going to NOLA, I wanna go cause you gonna be home...
Dear Panthers, give me a full game please, damn!
Women that can dress are my weakness
I know this happened dgsjshsjdhsjsh I love Khalid
before u come for me, this is from the billboard itself
Does anyone have a Cher from Clueless costume that I can borrow?! Please dm me if so
Ima bout to do this lab
never missed home this much
sucks for having too much cravings at this hour
I DID NOT Wanna Leave My Baby
Baby loving this weight on me
Tryna tease us just drop this the whole album already
I need a nap.
Passing pond casse will tired trigger random memories
That sound worse than starving
take an eagles win over a fantasy football win EVERY single week.
This week I got neither.
too busy with the marriage thing
The way she reacts to my selfies, done
DM meI'm selling nudes, sexts and videos!! I'm waiting
dJDKAKSKKAKS i just need some money to support my faves
STOPPP I FORGOT MASCARA
Crib bro but I got the game
this JA restaurant in the hood on 19th street that serves the best jerk chicken but I def gotta go with a guy.
This weekend feels like its lasted about 6.3 seconds Oh well, time for
And this is why we needed the W in MIA
I really need to order new clothes but in absolute denial that going to have to order the size up
I keep replaying things I done differently for the wedding in my head eating at me
Idk how I even made it to work today.
off of work omw to my 2 cents for breakfast
Idk how I even made it to work today.
I want chicken and waffles
Not really, just been up since 6:30 & ready for a nap but running around like the damn energizer bunny
Oh cool! (You should know.) Just downloaded as bookclub is 30th. Always leave it to the last minute
so in love with my hair I never had braids like this
same girl same
Cole
The way drinking this night think i have work tomorrow
cold
I want some fried Oreos
I hope B got time to do my nails today. She be entirely too busy
So disappointed to hear that cancelled Thanks to
I hate going to grocery stores in WHY IS IT ALWAYS SUCH A HASSLE
Being a girl is expensive
i love it when one of my friends calls me to tell me they miss me my heart is so full
I just lost a dear friend 7 years of friendship ... wow believe come to this
My back is killing me.. too young to be having these problems
I need a day between Sunday & Monday
I had too much time on my hands at work
soo late I even know Empire was back
i hope we get out exactly at 9:30 tonight !!!!
always staring at me in school Stop lying /:
Early L. On to main!
dps me ensina a ser gata assim
No. bullshit. He was incredible
No but who takes time to discover these peoples old tweets
I got no friends either can I join ?
Stuck between whataburger or some chicken
I can answer that
How should i know MY BIG WHY?
My Mom getting my nails done love her so much
I hate when other people jump in..it makes it worse.
this sexy crazy bitch
How do you not love this man
this JA restaurant in the hood on 19th street that serves the best jerk chicken but I go alone, I def gotta go with a guy.
going by sooo fast
being so proactive... I got Halloween costume hella early. And even shopping for Christmas
stop saying that Matthew Daddario and Noah Centineo look alike, they DON'T
It feels super late and it's only 1
. called me premier
!
*awkward silence* these women just love marriage smh
stopppp thank you
I'm crying this fansite lost Jongdae whilst they were filming him
BK nuggets taste more natural, but something about ones
Eagles what the hell was that
I want to bust a nut again ! Already did twice these solo adventures!
glad i did wear my lil fur lol this wedding is outside on the water
His mum sooooo pretty
Hercules v Tarzan round 1 as well
When about to shoot ya shot & peep he got a girl tragiccc
literally felt like shit all weekend. gotten out of bed twice today and I have so much shit to do.
I need More Now
Ugly nigga me please , not to ugly we have to put kids in perspective just in case we get carried away
He's maturing. I'm watching a fake nephew grow up
believe the last episode of
feel special this year. It just feels like plain old ordinary
put the peachette hat on oscar
Sis Just Like that Crisis just broke out
November 10th hurry up !
Dis nigga try burton killing on da bench
everyone keeps asking if ok
6:30 me please!
I hate being an eagles fan
okay this is sad u shouldnt have to worry about that even if it was the same but ya u can keep post malone
My mansz bday is in 2 weeks . cant wait , like its my bday or sumthn
This thing still dey baffle me
I'm actually really negative but thank you!
I still have this recorded on my Sky Box - want it put on dvd so@I lose it
I have it on PC but BridgetBrooke is my PSN
play with me !! Who neatness don help
Lemme meditate on that aight!
my clothes made in paris
these hoes can't pronounce the names i'm wearin
i got the block Off-White like the reagan era
avant and keke wyatt with the hits
Haha yeah I feel like though of everything
I love Halloween. But all I have planned is yoga, then probably RuneScape
Tell me not straight
I feel like I have amnesia why is she in hospital
why are shows like Ozark so dark? i can't see anything
This is what happens when ya team starts losing...whole city runs amuck
Wow he was a scam this entire time.
Lmao never hear the end of this picture shit
My allergies are really trying it right now
ugh i am crying why does my family produce the cutest children
ashamed of 2010-2011 me and were all into my foolishness
i like what doing to me
I need pho hurting so bad rn
I Just Want The Baddest & Realest
fuck so hype I took a W on the Lyrical drop
aff
Uno those songs that you physically listen to without singing along to classics
I want a sewin but my man don't want me with no more bundles in my head it's just Plaits or a lace
So sick of cass getting me sick cause he get sick at daycare
Hateration in this dancery smh RT so much easier for a man to find a cougar than a woman finding a sugar daddy.
Love how my god daughter is telling me going to be a doctor an only 3
RT Landry catch that
NOT I can never stay away
please let me spend no more than 40 on rekkerds
All I watch is Chicago PD & Chicago Fire
Omg I want this
I HATE ALLERGIES... my nose be going through it
Still traveling virgin Atlantic
something new everyday! I catch a break
stopping her own man bag now? She knows no limits we still stan
so tired of watching the damn giants and jets
This is one the parts that sucks about moving to the tri
OH NO what did he do
Both but the white one
I thought starfishing for 9 nights would be fun... but bored already and only on night one. Come home
Wait.. I love the people of DC
i swear it be the little things that count.
My Butta just had a nightmare or something I thought something had happened to him the way he screamed
MORE LIKE HE IS HITLER TO ME
\
( (>
_/ \_
I want a funnel cake
I am so exhausted
Time to sleep but omg what a race, would have been nice if Daniel was in it though!
lmfaoooo my heart allow it
Idk what I want more.. on the boarder or yesterdog
Freshmen year ends April 30th
Guys, I have 2 more payments on my phone.
Can we just move, sick of our neighbours.
honestly .. forget the caption. That looks so mf goooooood
This game
All these girls complimenting my lips
Them shits be bussin !!
Pats trying their best to lose this game.
like this post, get a dare
Both
my bf needs to come over so i can lay on him since leaving
My group chat is crazy
We like the Love & Hip Hop ATL Cast
Maybe this is a solution for you to upload logos for Xbox! This Kelly Kelly deserves to be there too
Taxi Chronicles w/ Glo Jajajaja
Got Trey Burton on the bench
Those 3D pics on my timeline make me a little jealous of those who have dual-lens iPhones. my 7 plus?
My back is fucked up
Same
I wait to be back in the cities
Been craving for the longest
sateren is my fave too
Where the good men at
still at it! the leveling gameeeee
monday classes
My ovaries
Wanna take off the top of the Jeep but with Bay Area weather I might have to put it back on tonight
I need it for Halloween
Want to go to the fair
21 points in the 4th?! THE 4TH?!
Crush me with those thighs
THIS is the type of man want to marry! all the men on my TL! follow this example
So likeeeee ion know what i gotta do but going to EDC next year. How have i missed out on such litness
Talk Is Cheap x Drake, Aaliyah, & Static one of my favorite songs ever
I need to find something to do for my birthday
Life is tuff out here
Fr I wanna go out like palmbeach
Lol.
cooking now and not even in the mood too. Go to the house have pop pop fix ya plate
Ahhh I hope this is true
Kelly
The weekend goes far too fast
I drink how I used to drink
quite similar also*
I want a hazelnut coffee
So excited for mono like even after these years awakening still my fave
I miss all my daddies Rt if I can dm you whenever I want
turning into a alcoholic
never top this Halloween costume. So I even try to anymore
I want a double wide trailer soooo bad lmao
At this point I wanna gf switch it up for the one time.
lol them girls are so not interested
me currently waiting for my outfit to see NBA Youngboy
My future house
I want to finish decorating my bedroom today but I want to spend money.. lol
go get some stuff to go get home now so tired and stressed
Kno rough just wanna feel love sometimes
Hungry ate all day
I really want that deal I lost a little more lbz and ate today sooo like.. I might as well
Chris really got a whole addiction I wish I could help my friend she just get enough
I really wanna go back to work
Bro done out here
MY FAV so gorgeous i cant
past this level with my friend
She is pretty
Help! What is the best ALSO very thankful for N.O.W. 4am
I tried to show this mf the crochet braids I just did and he came for me I have the sweetest dickhead ever
The real grind will have you w/o yo hair or nails done and comfortable clothes all day everyday .. I be exhausted
Turn around and take your family with you
Gotta stop letting things get to me
I have a bridesmaid who I want to be a bridesmaid anymore and I know what to do
I'm sorry it was an accident and I got too lmao
beat a good old 13 hour shift on a Sunday
Hair appointment tomorrow
It blows me how crazy Nikki Parker was She had niggas that loved her and she was chasing a wild one
I should really stop drinking soda and drink more water
The best naps are on Sundays
fuck me up
Yes a classic my son in to it
That is such a beautiful picture
Midterm this week let my ass get the studying
I surprised my baby on his lunch break & he was so happy, adorable I love him
My ID is in the car
Will DM u tomorrow
I pre-ordered the second one because I couldn't get my hands on the first one, I'm not spending $50 on a pop
This is true. I stay away!
Breakfast sandwiches be so lit
That black shirt and chain combo>
Same ngl
I wanna go camping but gonna be cold at night
feeling like i need another massage appt soon
The love i have for sweet potato pie is ridiculous
I never knew how great my ass looked in American eagle jeans until today. Now bout to rack up on all of em
Bshgdhshshshshs no comment.
fantastic
Such a sad event , I love watching crime documentary type shows but I still do wish they
not
Dealing with the worst migraine right now
District and are the reasons why I get rid of this gut!
WTF!
*Tropic Berry Sprite
you are so pretty !
People really have time on this app
the one I had a maclaren twin buggy ... I walked everywhere , no car then . No wonder I was 7st wet through
what tea i wanna knooooo
getting so anxious
happy anniversary, lovelies!!!! stay in love.
I need this 3-4 days a week but I also need space or I turn bitchy
Niggas only want me for my body bout to try dating women and see if treat me better
I miss watching A Different World on netty
These lower back pains like I'm 50 ain't no joke
Most friend who say I got you a present normally give you something little... nope not mine they buy us a bloody diet plan
the J E T S!
Yet still struggling to finish the one book I started last year!
I miss nyc so much
I surprised my baby on his lunch break & he was so happy I love him
I would if I wasn't On-Call
About to be in my jam. cramping like shit though
Girls ride dick for 32 seconds & Expect 45 mins of back shots
Actually getting sick of single life
Soy inmune a los hpp brownies
When you used to having shit , designer shit excite you ... i had Gucci sneakers in 6 grade , &
Girl please let me know if you find out. I'm so desperate
Oh no not you too
Yu mess wit ya plugs yu gotta keep it business
it really do
I thought i was done w my laptop issues
Sheeesh! Please tell me this a fake headline?! Pahhhhhlease
Girl.
my dream is to get one of PR packages in the mail
Literally same! Except u were able to be in the school band all four years and i never got the chance to be in the drumline
i need these rn!!!
I have no food, I want to go back to work tomorrow, my place is a wreck, exhausted
I just want 24
These pop up exhibits looks so fun
I also need to take these braids out
This online class finna kick my ass this semester
LMFAOOO people tryna argue with me all morning like not a day of God
My baby has the best ig stories
Took long enough mate
This past week has been so good for my mental health, and now I can already feel the impending doom of normality creeping in
Whys everyone hating on brother nature
Ooooouff mon frere a nieser!!! Isaaaa u fine boobooo!
I wanna take pics like this
nah I really appreciate that I promise you I will
I Embarrassed Myself Enough
Right?! First 3 quarters had me like .
Incredible effort by to get that W - and on the road, no
Men do not care they will dead ass stare you down with their wife right beside them
So you're advertising to the whole twitter that you're too dumb to get the symbolism of a phallic symbol.
i love him
Always worse when on my period too SO UNFAIR!!!!
Nick and kinda love
I realized I have not smoke all day today
Agreed, just went for a few items and it took me so long because everyone was shopping.
Good morning fam. Its monday, we better get our ass moving
I ready for winter
I ordered delivery last night and never got my cool drinks
We made good time and landed early but now were waiting for a gate so sitting in here doing jack shit
I spend wayy too much on data
at the point where short half week trips enough. I need like, a whole month have the best time
I have to be up at 4am and dancing around my house to Mary j blige
There were only five people (including me) at mine.
Nah fr
Girl fr
I want a rap beef tho, I need full on diss songs! I need a Hit Em Up, But unfortunately Cardi knows her place
this man just bought 3 bags of clothes FULL for his girl goalsss
Stephens fallen asleep on me and the tv has turned off. Cannot moveeee
So stressed gonna rip my hair out. Hate myself
MICHELE GUMABAO WAS COMPLETELY ROBBED!!
my night moods
Getting that quick 3 and out on Brees
Goddess has a massive migraine & I will not be too active today/tonight.
the only way you slug dick mutts can
These days I wake up with a good mood and extremely HAPPY
My skin always act dumb when the weather about to change
Always regret sleeping in the day never tired at night
Yoo I saw you at horror nights but we going the opposite direction on the escalators
Jesus Christ
My birthday is in a month and a half and I missed the pre order
Just finished cleaning hot
Poor Alecea. Always having to put up with my melodramatics.
Lmao yea I learned the hard way to not drink toooo much in one day because of the acidity my
Emotional af
I wish i was there
i my mom is having a bday party for me on the day i was suppose to go
I seen my boo in months
Small play everything is aggression with you I've alot to do smh
when are you coming to ghana???
Soooo much damn clothes to wash
Think I found a way to keep my name yessssss lawd!
I tried watching Rel.. I just get into it
my baby birthday tomorrow
Baby fever be too real
Omg... we got home & let the dogs outside then the puppy ran into the neighbors house and peed
I ordered me some new face stuff today so ready to try it out i pray it works because MY face has to get better ASAP
Why must the weekends always go by so quickly
I missed nick and grace
- What I should be doing with daughter
Laura cover of Be My Husband
That shit hurt .. but when you finally get over it it feel so good
i need jeans but i find any that fit me
I wish I have to re-fresh AHLTV a thousand times a game.
pa whennn?
Exactly !
I really
LOOK AT THIS!
cum in every continent
That was a moment that I forget tbh.
I need chicken souse
I missed being home on Sunday all day lol
Girl, God good!!!! Can I get a clone?
I wanna buy a cute new coat but don't see point when the sun decides to make me melt in afternoon
Hell yeah that sound so good right now
7 episodes in and The Haunting of Hill House been scary at all
Me lol I wore it out for one day too cold
is so good I want some but I spending my money on fast food
Who can come over and teach me how to make some lol my mom would come but working
The mom, Olivia off of The Haunting of Hill House is soooooo pretty I cannot and so is Theo ugh
Sick af and all I want to do is lay in the bed
This is hard...lol why
it 4.09 i cant sleep luckily my paper will be at 2.15
I need someone to go to dinner with
Now a rapist... lmfaoooo people will say anything to get a jab at Nicki in. Her power... ughhhhh
40 more days until the first track meet!! I'm so excited
Can Lewis and Brooke win because I love them both, if only there could be two winners.
I thought all the sites had an age limit anyways
Folding the kids laundry she brought home from college. Right there with you!
I never mean for shit to get this bad
Ofc the day I want they closed
shek woehwer
I cannot wait until this Kevin Gates concert lol. tired of seeing videos
a must I get me some lemonade braids this week.
word!
What?!
Currently in battersea reminiscing on my youth
Also excuse my messy bathroom I had time to clean it luckily the housekeeper comes tomorrow
diego just said
fries
realize
real
I have to teach raven how to drive being very persistent about this
still waiting for them to drop more info
Wedding planning can be hectic sometimes lose weight
don't worry she wee soon come out.. Me praying silently ere.. We don't want to make statement today
Bout be gone for a whole month.
Stop!
understand why this dog could love me so much. But he does
Omg even get me started have such a high sex drive so I need to find myself a man who can keep up with me
really using what brother nature tweeted at 13 against him oh please.
TFW you have to stop editing to go to the grocery store. On a SUNDAY.
But then I'm gonna hit Old Navy so I can get more jeans!
LMAO SIS
I try to be considerate
Late asf but I love you moreeeee
I want to be lucky
Girl me just realise.. I retract that tweet ..
I even wanna watch football anymore
I was fucked p up before I even got to the function
I saw someone started a thread in the soap forum about the upcoming engagement and full of mainly people slating them
I love maluma but that hair baby
Frfr
My kids woulda rescheduled that play date after than fast. But I have girls lol.
Alik PLEASE STOP doing the British accent
this enthusiasm is sending me. Thank you.
Im bout to have a mental break down
thank you. These lashes made me cute frfr.
get my hair done with Sucks but hopefully tomorrow
My heart
The self restraint needed to not buy things
This is so adorable oh my gard
My mama really came out here to see me cause I missed her real one
omg I got SO scared and only on episode 3!!!! but then again, a big chicken
omg mood improved
where on my way to. An all you can eat buffet one. They have crab legs
Que weba me tengo
I Suppose to be in New York right now
Armstrong was awful
It matter what I get to eat or if full I want some of yo food drink or snack bae
lmfao that bitch really said that
Pretty pricey but had to cop babe and I our own hoodies
The weekends go far too fast
Daniel James seavey
I got it , my mind !
on the way home. probably gonna cry on the way out of Wisconsin just knowing I have to come back
Her phone must not have a case on it cause anything in my hands would have gone flying
Ouuhh you shall love your neighbor as you love yourself Lord help me.That one is too much
I love white nails but they get dirty so fast
Ahhh shit sorry to hear that. Halloween will be sure x
Needing subtitles in lots of mumbling
Relax, I changed it. Simply me
THIS WAS REALLY ME YESTERDAY
least 5 dropped balls today. Nobody on my team can catch. Somebody call Dez
so tired. how is this real life?
been single for to long... fuck I just want a gf now ughhh
tonight had me in tears!!! SUCH dignity and bravery Rosa Parks had. And the music! Massive well done
I really miss Dubai and the moments spent there
I blinked and the weekend was over 5 more sleeps till Friday
playing games
wait
talking about insomnia cookies and i really wanna try ittt
love you bray!!!
ATL YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL!!!!
:
Forgot to tell you happy birthday Love you
look who facetime me today i miss him so much nomatter TT love you khaza
so intense sure helped him come up with some compromises to keep it all on track, they have to
Me when Gen Bio and Pre Calculus collide
I consider their ig page the blog
YESSSS. Push through, Saints!
wait to get my hair done
Not with him it
Me everyday
I just hate to hear it
I the Jags but deliver on the points 1.44 is BRUTAL
I get over how good that Buffalo Chicken Wrap was imma need me one again tomorrow for lunch
Remind me not to do DM games again !
tiring
Why do celebs keep getting those chiclet teeth
Me I need toner and some cute black joggers
when he gets home tonight
I know so upset my fault thank God I put a lock on it last night or else they would have a whole bunch of nudes
Ehban gore a direng?
birria before my second game, y estaba sintiendo el caldo the whole game
California is always a good idea Shop and it
Omg really why he record him than lol
Omgggg the freaking crawl my heart even take it
I literally get so traumatized by everything so rather not
Belizeans can be so annoying
Damn I went a month with out my nose ring and that shit hurt to pop back in
I love you
ugh I need me a man like that
Katelyn and Alinda ftd me while they were together the other night and I been sad ever sense lol
damn you putting all of us in our bags with smh
Sorry
going on me turning down work for Halloween
Well when your fully booked your fully booked at Face
Omg really maybe why he record him then lol
I dread going to the grocery store
Can I just put a hold on this weekend as not ready to go to work tomorrow
They look so fuckin bomb!
my hands are so pretty
You are winning at life then if the case!
I got forced by the wife last night
I just spend 4 hours editing a damn video for school while I already spent 4 and a half hours filming it
they
I wish Twitter had the ability to mute some tweets
I'm doomed
I don't think I'll be able to finish an art project I gave myself on time
Unless I practice a lot,
Cant wait to fuck with a real man someday
thanks
My head hurt
but at the same time, iont want no bills
First of the semester in college mid semester
I already have long lashes BUT I just LOVE these Ima have to keep it up
so ready to graduate
Samee, 1 year on November 25th
Is it crazy that I actually miss findom twitter? most especially my girls. I wait to come back fully
you better get your ass back here soon before we all
Why do the weekends go so quick?!
you guys
YOU DONT HAVE JAMMY DODGERS! I CANT MOVE AWAY FROM THE JAMMY DODGERS!
FRONTALLL TECHNIQUE NOW TAKING APPOINMENTSLadiesss , LET ME SLAY are unbeatable shopwith
True...... guilty of that. I can own that.
That nap was love
Offfa bre
Chicken . Macaroni. Sweet potatoes. Green beans. My stomach.
Ahh goodluck with that
I left my house in almost 48 hours cause my phone had a heart attack and WiFi is the life support
i'm gonna pull an all nighter for the streamys and i'm scared i haven't done that in a WHILE
It's not funny Buhle
damn that day is still clear in my mind.. everything is still clear.
I know Nicki does MAD research when she writes. Like was I supposed to know who Milli Vanilli was?
when is we gone get together, cancel plans and whatever
If only. And to make this worse, Abu bhi keh gae hain k mere kapray bhi istri kar de.
Bucs are terrible
Poor girl I hate him for breaking her
yess
Women are trouble
all this god damn ass Julz has
I figure out if I want the new base brushes or stick to the faithful ones
If only Arsenal won the Europa final!!!
When will Women start appreciating Men?
We have been cleaning all weekend exhausted
in the house for the rest of the day I got wayyyy too much to do
me. I made it my old lady asked me to do it. Hahahaha
You two put Gaga and Bradley to shame with that acting
Che brutto derby
Join the club
Lol right?!
Yo you lying,every time my Og would cook she would call me to do this
You lot need to stop with the Brother Nature slander.
forgot that I have to moisturize my hair throughly with this cooler weather
Bringing a razor near their beard is like kryptonite to Superman
I miss my little salted caramel. my joy
i love my fam but they so boring i wanna go to my uncle house for thanks giving.
i gotta taste for some pizza but from where
OMG I WANTTTT ITTTTT
yes pls i want 30
The struggle is real
Reminds me when I was living in London ..every cabbies : oh French you know we defeated Napoleon .. ahhh
Auto correct
This is me
gorGEST I cant believe real
My diploma fell out of my closet on my foot and that has been one of the worst pains ever encountered
Got cj whole face
Thats great! Hopefully be first too but most of the time im in the same league with people who have more than 30M
Same but it has to be done
Terrible
Now you see how I feel
where can i get a turkey leg from
honestly gorgeous especially during the Hann era with her red hair.
woke up at 2 and still tired
sick sick
Literally every few months
Would Have Went To Spend The Day With My Pops But He Sick
OUf time flies
my original costume
In dire need of sweaters / hoodies - mine are being held hostage
My loyalty stronger than what I be lifting
I have to get my winter stuff from my dads today... freezing up here
Plus all my money goes to food anything I want I go and get and that really needs to stop
Tampa green I hope they miss the field goal
I wait until he gets off at 7 I need to be loved on
I miss my DeCory fam sm rn wait to go to wanblee over thanksgiving break
LMFAOOOOOO he said need to go run into a brick wall dawggg
ignore the receipts I'm crying at the music part
believe you have ranked Mash higher than roasties what is wrong with you???
He was 14
been wanting some buttered popcorn and pizza for the past 2 days
I never really realized how friendless me and kelcie were until last night but I love it that way we was
so lucky to have some of the best friends on the planet that make sure not on my own 24/7 love you bros x
this lady talking to me in walmart & i cannot hear shit she saying just smiling & laughing
My whole body aches
I will love you if you can text me and make me cum
Wishing I was back in Sedona this Sunday
summer album is too short damnit ugh her voice!
Mickey was gettin it today
Queen Scotsman no ginger emoji if I were queen have a national day for gingers!
I want 10 to speed here I wanna go back home and just lay down so so bad
Omg his twin for sure
It is that time of year....
Jack came and brought me lunch too
I really be bored as fuck out here
need ibuprofen
give what the people want
BRUH. You make this up!
I like to go to the club to post up & vibe to trap music. Im not the shaking ass all night type
Does anyone else get bruises after drinking?! This be normal.
I wanna go to buc-ees. I need more sea salt beaver nuggets.
omg i gotta do that w mine my room's getting so cluttered w newsprint
Why is college soooo expensive
I had found this great place but I can remember the name it far from HU though it was on the way to the metro
i want some wh
sooo overdue
Sounds pretty good
Omg i to see John Mayer mi
I do that shit
How dare you make me choose!!
Aaah that explains the 16hrs
Hope you had a great holiday in Majorca! Lovely island especially
no being thick is overrated nothing fits, u gotta angle hard af to make pics come out cute, etc
The sun was all in my eyes I was doin the lightskin pose
i came out of sat prep to see the bears down in the fourth quarter
MOE T-MOBILE THEN JUST PLAYED SNATCHES A BITCH BROKE BROKE NOW
old lol. Thank you
craving Caribbean food
He deserves better than this.
Another Browns overtime
If you love me buy me yogurt
Why so Fine?
I was so proud of her when I saw this my girl can dance on BEAT now & move her muscle booty a
. Hungry asf but know what to eat ... .
I really cant wait for mono to drop so i can just hear namjoon saying 'i love you so' on repeat
No more banku again,I legit have cough now
Browns bout to go to their 5th OT game
sleep deprived & in the worst mood rn.
When you follow people due to the follow limit
I want some good eats but know where to go
Idk where all these bruises keep coming from
Chinese is my fave I want an all you can eat now
they sell these at Walgreens
still recovering. Go figure
Niggas want smoke let em have it
Bro is fr my sister and I would do anything for her I think she understands how much I
Wondering when me and will finally have a joint birthday celebration
Bruh they defense playing
And this is why never fly with them
Browns 4 OT games this year
not
finally in the bed
I just want to see my man
I miss doing this
this is cuddle weather
I got them on my ticket
When you have upcoming leave and 75367 tasks still left to do this will be the longest week of my life
I hit another plateau this is so annoying
just too cute!
Lord I wait but I can
I CANT DO THIS OVERTIME STUFF EVERY WEEK
mannnn this
I have to ask myself this too
-15 out and you niggas add a thermal for extra warmth
My Tailgate food today!
Frozen pitted , mangos, 1 Apple , Hemp seed, frozen kale, Date Syrup, ginger
Bro why am i still exhausted i got a smooth 7 hours of sleep, is that not enough for you body!?! I have things to get done
No disagreement here, we so blessed
"Liked" because of your conclusion that this could only be a cry for help. Obvs at the actual tactics
I think I have these pants & they are awful. I understand the struggle
You probably just got to have them short I have em at all
one of my all time videos on the internet
We love Like for 5ever
My profile pic yetsa hore ma 2005 anromelle Di friend Requests
Heeyyy...Ke ngwanake motho ohh
it's not me donorrr
against this hiwayat
I feel my face... are losing & my boyfriend is a fan
Locked out of my house since 3pm. All i wanted were pjs and little naps while the tv watches me. now forced
I know!!!
No one should use it
Ya gurl for real needs a new job
lmao i knowwwww i go to see stuff that scary. when the trailers were scarier than the movie
This thread
I been at my parents house since bout this time yesterday and I need to go home
I know. We might have to wait until the Wally fan generation takes over DC's top brass before we can get a legit Wally series.
I want breakfast food but want to cook ughh I miss living at home sometimes.
Why I get out my bed
Ugh hoping it come to an exterminator
actually fuming believe that salad i had at why was the quinoa crunchy pls ?
really my shit I get emotional lmfao
We both stubborn the hard part
That Chinese food had us knocked tf out for like 2 hours
LMDKSSKOAO shes so fineeee
I eat nothing all day wow
Lennox loves to shit while nursing. Bro just really disrespectful lol stinking self
Ion be feeling like driving to Houston
Ooo you know spoiled my momma made me some more meatloaf
Please stop them, President Trump.
So exhausted and 14 hour days start again tomorrow
I blacked out last night , now I got a fat ass knot on my head
Why the be this Tuesday
BP sounds so good rn
Hate the Sunday night feeling
love you box thank you so much!!
Ws for all my girls recently a proud mother especially
Soo the Christmas ads have started already
Going home to my everyday has to be the best feeling
Damn he really did spit on this nigga How u spit on a nigga then clap um smh niggas looked crazy last
Yea definitely time to pull my winter clothes from storage..and buy some socks
awe yea buddy gotta get a clue lmao you even associate w dude losing fr lmao
free Bibby maneeee, I need new music.
Honestly just the weekends with my friends enough
GD Bucs! How do you miss that field goal?!? I wanna watch the game!! I thought a was something
My forever girlfriend Angelita, Janita, and Summerita imissyou all
I really want a back and butt rub, but difficult when pregnant and lay on your belly.
i wait
I gotta stop seeing cute lil kids. tooo cute and I want one
My sister got me drunk early asf
I wish I had a Halloween party to go to this year.
why are all the old dudes i used to talk to hitting me up all of a sudden scared
What a wonderful life
need to collect my coins from my daddy, but he stay so far out in the country
Hanja..
People setting fireworks off already, its too early!
I even want to get out of bed
So upset Walmart have regular basic Carmel apples with peanuts on it. They got everything BUT that
Interview at 8 & I have to be at work at 8 so idk how ima do this
A year tomorrow & it even feel like it
FRONTALLL TECHNIQUE NOW TAKING APPOINMENTSLadiesss , LET ME SLAY are unbeatable shopwith
I'll be better with person 2 cause shit, I can't ride roller coasters
so tired of waiting
that'll turn a few different shades during the week then! Try & take it easy & hope it feels better soon
At least trying
when laying in bed, naked, & they walk over on some so the purest love.
this nap is about to be something serious forsureeee
I just wanna look like Mabel is that too much to ask for
Even on my days off still working
I feel this here liquor already
Everything stew
I eat out way to much
really bout to get fat.
I don't want to sound desperate, but who got Doordash/Postmates jig?
Jesus when did I become an Olodo . These practice questions are hard
I just wanna watch the video
if you were in HI :(((
Why did I wait till the last two days to start on my lab report. I only put that much stress on myself.
97 liners are waiting for you, King~!! We can't wait for your return,
My ass is in my back though
Can Jacquee just sing to me
most people I liked them when they were the B team in Sochi. I think better as the B
I want to go on a picnic
I stg if that ain't the truth, big booty women are a blessing? Also why are u getting excited?
My baby will be 3 soon
Fell asleep .. Woke up to see the Eagles lost ..
But I going to no market
Some Days My Head Just Be In A Million & One Places And The Person I Vent Too Most Is Not Here
Mostly cheeks. I hate them so much
And the procedure is only an hour long too real quick
Me and bae .. When we in character
this conversation this man just had with his daughter just warmed my whole heart
I still kinda wish Talladega was the elimination race in the second round
I wish this essay would write itself !
My mum literally just went sung that, Amelia on about Emeli Sande
The best.
watched the full interview probably over 5 times
so glad my friends are always making an effort for me, i literally would lose it w out them
My life is full of drama at the moment and so over it
They still smack though
If I had it I would happily have an open house...
Hail Mary!
So new day , and still heard back from anyone about the process for iOS 12
what the freak is going on...... the disrespect
About to watch a movie
Now to find my outfit for the pageant
hey Ronnie send some love to my Cashapp for a struggling college student
This last minute planning is killing me though ... too much of an organized person for this
He always brags on me around his boys
i say ready but i really know if i am...
Up now on Google Play Music! Still waiting on
Faith plis dear
time
I forgot I know it was something dumb cause I was drunk drunkkk. I mad left
Not forgetting the one made with wet newspapers and a plastic bag The pain after getting hit with these balls
This is so cute
When you click the link those the creams
been on a date in so long
Watching the game alone again
omg yall i have no school on wednesday so now i can be here for expectations all day now im actually pumped
Any 100%? Mine were all dreadful
every week we have to add someone to the cancelled list. i can't keep up
Homemade chicken noodle soup for the sick Stewart Family
I really ate all day
im just ready to laugh
Waiting on my case for my new phone It feels so fragile without one
FRONTALLL TECHNIQUE NOW TAKING APPOINMENTSLadiesss , LET ME SLAY are unbeatable shop
I have this bad. It needs to stop
Will never get over Lily James in mamma mia 2
80% of my timeline seem to hang on his every word
I miss those summer nights boy this summer was definitely one to remember son lol chawl
I need to get my Halloween costume
Bruh i miss my boyfriend this is going to be a long 2 weeks
I need a red half puffer coat to complete my outfit I seen one at Rue 21 too a while ago I grabbed it
I would love to
I bought this homeless guy food, i feel so bad too cold to be homeless
can it be Friday already ?!
it much and i was struggling
So stressed knowing mollies in hospital waiting to give birth I just wanna help her and I
Kennedy is sooo beautiful
Electric Warrior is such a good album.
I wait til I get fine fine. My glow coming...
Fancying the pants off someone not interested is what ur wantin
I want a red bull so bad.
Thank god I had the half off coupon for my Nirvana jacket
Thank God I brought my coat to the wedding
why did the show get banned ?! i looove Eddie
I felt this
my man been them bitches so fast
I have a little extra lump crab meat and I want crab cakes. Idk what else to do with it
This is awful. gonna say this is why animals are his thing
Actually me
Yeah, a good balance I be able to function listening to a sad song on repeat for hours
I literally buy stuff online everyday
Want some hibachi
I need a nice massage
mentioned and gave me flashbacks I think my first year offline feels like we
Crying watching my friends just recently gone through the same with very little support
Hibachi is mood right now
Being home made me realize how much I missed my bed
how did I allow my self to let my happiness get so externally focused
YESSS I CANT WAIT ANY LONGER
trying to not come off as Gay
Yaar so shocked to know that there are people that would put nazar on your food, a new level of mean
My friends just read me for filth over brunch but I love them for it. It was much needed and I heard no lies
Good night to suck breast
not going lie .. I miss the affection I use to get
I be soooo tired after a night out !
so sick and i been taking naps all day but yet still getting my ugly ass up and going to the track
I just wanna see him with a nice shape up that's all
I got with my nigga I turned into a marshmallow! I swear I was never the type to be in my feelings or even care for feelings
Get high in plastic glue tonight
I fucked up my mouth eating pizza rolls drunk last night
Just get this TD off already!
miss you stard
sadly gonna be me
I wish I was at the Airshow this year
All I do is go to work , come home & online shop & do it again ion go nowhere
I was gonna nap, but How To Train Your Dragon is on.
Bears
Need My AirPods Back
Met the boy of my dreams last night but I think I made a bad impression hopefully he gives me another chance omg
I got layyers mdara do you know how much the layyers' feed has gone up?
bitches be lying for no reasonnnnnnn tb you yo best whole time living they best lie
Why we stop them on 4th down
Oh to wear that dress again...oh to fit into that dress again
omggggg how close was that
Bears were 1 yard from a miracle
I wait to go to the doctors tmrw morning
Somebody take me to the shop
Why am I a wholesome woman
Tacos sound so bomb rn
Game of inches
i wish i could go to canada but im legally unable to
Deadass thought he was trending because he was getting a show.
griffs has the best crab dip
Yoooooo!!! He caught it but couldnt get in
up to
while you're here please give me the attention I crave
Fuck meeting the wrong homeboy , have you ever met the wrong brother
so much alcohol last night
Norovirus is fucking brutal. Even worse when 3 of you in one house have it at once poor Oliver be you next kidda x
First of all, mad these niggas knew that was coming & let that even happen . Smh
I wait to have my pup
Ugghhh!
They're going to go looking his shit up now
seee, I knew I trippin
At 1900 I sat on the bed after putting the kids to sleep. At 2115... I woke up
Heh mma
they really want me to wear fitted dress.
I want the rolls
Kainis pati eapp may computation
Amen..
wait to be cute asf again next week
Now see, I didn't know that 70% part
Can it be Tuesday already
When your friends tell you you're the only one missing out the bunch now. ughh I miss them so much.
That close
dude the Bears shoulda had that
Game of inches
Fuck
no
but ready to go again
one my residents just shitted everywhere
right
The mattresses!
Damn what an ending
I KNOW RIGHT I WAS SHOOK they deserve more recognition
turning on Brother Nature so fast
Omg that sound good af
Pleaseeeeee stoppppp please!!!
Dammit Bears so close
failmary Bears
Holy shit that was close
I miss these hoes
I was having such a good day
got us man i even have words
Hell nawl 5 somewhere
my daughter will FaceTime me all day long about absolutely nothing mommy just sit onna phone and watch me cook this food okay
Really struggling to come to terms with the fact that Monday tomorrow
Lit asf camera was even foggy lol
bears gonna bear...
Trying to convince myself to go to work for my last shift at SGH is proving to be a challenge
want a little boxer puppy so bad how good would life be
I want an apple cider donut
Charlie Cox is so underrated
If you're going to design a website which features a lot of text heavy posts. Please.. don't do it like this
just had to be nosey we all have old tweets.
No. I was too young to read that. A vampire the book was Secret Vampire by L.J.Smith... why did I admit this!!
SC : Lighttone96
I even know how to act if I had that much hair
The fact that my boyfriend like pulp fiction depresses me.. looks like we be Mia and Vincent for Halloween
I wanna go to the YBN meet and greet in LA
Those Enemies oh!
It is I just watched Rev Run wife cook it and she made me want that
I express the happiness that I just felt eating this...
Pure joy
So. Close.
Changing Man & So Proud Of Myself
Planning a trip but short on space?
We have the solution! Our iko Finger Toothbrush is a soft-to-the-touch
I miss my baby
Damn that was such a good throw and catch
Lrt honestly it's so frickin hard to diet, I can't just ignore my grandma's cooking it's hella disrespectful
HA not ya average mine must be least one half.
I love being out va beach
boom soon as the movie starts I gotta pee
Just today
Girl No Guessing They Thought IWas A Threat
You know what for some reason I thought you were actually Asian .......syria is in asia.
never paying chapter dues and state conference fees same month again smh will do better next year...lol
Was so on point that I want more but I'm watching my figure
My fur child just smelled his other momma on me and being super clingy rn and if you know my pup you know clingy is not his thing .
Me: Is it November 11th yet, I wait anymore
Also me : Stop being a baby waited 5 month now and
finally done with Riverdale first two seasons
The ball was moving
I had a whole 7hours of sleep my nigga fuck you mean I had to get up at 730 those are ungodly hours
Uwenzeni? I love that guy
I want a vampire to fuck me then turn me into one
I really appreciate everybody who text me today im not ignoring ya I just wanna be bothered today ..
My heart!
Im really salty
Was craving canes so badd
That was close take the W
This is me till I remember outstanding debts
finally up and feeling like a human again.
are a no from me
i think sis like me tho guh this not the first time she came at me like that tho like i said she better go
Why would I parcell Be going
I know on your end you are annoyed but kunoku we just see all that cuteness
We lose in the saltiest fashion fam One yard
the gassing! I love that shit. Thanks hun!
I Still Have To Visit Sorry Been So Busy
No Gin tonight
Omg same I thought i was gunna throw up these games good for the heart
They understand the pain. I love ya babe so so much
I Really Hope Those 12s Come Out Next Month , I Been Waitingggggg
Mood Muzik 3 was the soundtrack of my teenage years growing up in South Jersey really was a legend in our eyes
Cried so hard watching their birth vlog so happy for them
any ideas how to make up with your bff for 7 years
Yesssss! he always does covers on my fav songs
Thank you!!
Wake up in the best mood
Some Sancocho sound bad
Patriots won but still puking and feeling like death
That 6foot stud with that 8in strap got her actin different. I mad
I miss my baby so much, see him til Friday
this no regular period this mf kicking my ass all up and down this mattress
my mind is in a million places right now and idk what to do
Short on gym music!
I am so ready to get off !!
Fuck being back home, take me back to Cyprus
really wanna go in & study
That's crazy! Thanks for the heads up
i wish
Hella pretty & sophisticated! wish I could have nails like this
She's not a bloody freak show. Just leave her alone.
Jojo starts crying and wakes Rj up im never going to go to sleep lol
what about inside? i really love this song
i need some dick bad
OMG WOULD YOU LOOK AT THE ULT PRINCE??? Ughhh
I get off until 6
I wanna go on a date!
Enjoyed my time in Chicago with my baby now another 5wks until I see him again
I wanna go on dates to museums
Trust me, I understand in the same boat! I love you!
What does this mean
She done grew up
I just wish someone could tell us everything that was said during that whole fight
even though mad about that food
God I Wish My Parents were Like This - They Dont Even Accept That Im Gay
1 yard short RT How lucky were the Patriots to barely take the Hail out of that Mary.
unfollow me
I need a boyfriend that be in the gym so he can work me out
doing my eyebrows is a freaking chore, why I have been blessed with good brows
He took years to give me one he probably was like girl in a size double zero and she really think she
the way you look in amazement really does something to me
at work. come visit me at Universal Studios.
Omo my business is just on IG
weakness
Really felt for Chris Paul after seeing those punches earlier this morning
Meee too just needed more time
Big Facts Not In Me To Be Low Down Man
the way he treats her
I should make some of this not as soupy tho
zariyah took this car nap
I need another photo shoot
Even marshmallows r cooler than me.
I want a good ass, extra spicy Bloody Mary right now
Thank you ma...where I come from is far. I give them cheap opportunities
Im Tryna Find You
Who tryna get married? tired of hoein
I had fun like that in a longggg time last night was fun af. really enjoyed myself
Mmmm I got sushi from xs I love when I remember I have leftovers
give me another shout out send u more pics of my pop
But I actually need clean and wash my hair
Bitch i
been a broke boi for like 3 weeks, this week finally getting paid only the start now
I want a candy apple but i
I should be watching football, drinking a beer, & eating some wings.
Me right now, knowing this is the life of a Bucs fan...
Goalssss
not active here
And they tend to be r*cist too
Ima need more than a hug
Sleeping during the day was a terrible idea. I'll struggle to wake up in the AM
Cause I done let a few questionable things escape these lips/tweets and I still kinda do
really pw us today
I want another oil diffuser so bad
give me another shout out send u more pics of my pp
Chingatelo
I think I do too so terrible & I be telling them get out my face & be faithful
A yard away from a miracle..
It really is a wonderful life.. BMTH is releasing new music
so glad fluent in yoongi speak how would we cope otherwise
My dog is honestly to good to me - like not sure I deserve such a loving pet
this was me last week, gbk even deliver to my house
As suspected, this worth waiting for... -1.6% for the week and a rather depressing -2% YTD
Now counting
I witnessed something like my gpa and the old lady was in the car next to us
I dont get their infatuation with him
It feels so nice outside
She always tryna do something
Why is my birthday so far away and why do I have to be the young one
Sleepy AF But Still Working On This Paper
i need it
Last night was fun we had our own section , tee grizzley performed , the music was poppin and it was jus
seesaw x i need u is really that song
When you hit the hard realization that da 6.5 page paper is NOT the 7 pages you need.
mad that this is STILL stuck in my head.
I think getting day drunk in my bed sounds like the move for today
Maybe get drunk enough to want to clean my room
Close but no cigar. Bears fall a yard short and lose
Man I left my bible in my moms car
Sai Pedrinho entra Clayson
I'm actually quite exhausted
Wish I was there
I lay down without Julian running a marathon
i had two glasses of champagne and 8 hours of sleep last night and dead. why does my body hate me?
Getting up the mountain seems easier than going down. currently scared as shit!
NONONONONONONONONO KATIE THEY CANT EAT THOSE WITH GRAVY! THATS A SCONE
Thank you!!! And sadly, familiar.
I really wish I was left handed
I had time to watch the new birth video cause college .. but i just watched it omgggg i cried
even speak the negativity. BELIEVE.
beyond upset my unit planned our AT the week of StageCoach
Me Rn nun of my cases came yet
So done with it
I be eating way too much candy work..
what is Sunday funday. She exist to me anymore
Building muscle and getting strong is all fun and games until your favorite leggings get too small.
Epic . And Episode 2 When She Gave Us Queen And Listened With Us
If you ever leave me baby
You know you have extreme emotions when you feel deeply but then when you stop, a complete wrap
God be answering my prayers
oh dear what happened this time
boii where ya scalp
I get one job and look more jobs want to contact me
I just need Lay to take this nap so I can start my hair
Losing weight in the wrong places
my battery stay draining quick.
I finished watching The Originals and now I know what to do
Can I book an appointment
So debating if I should buy my son GTS for this play station or what
why would you do this now not gonna stop thinking about it
I miss writing books and being creative
Just rude!
Dude was in like quadruple coverage or more, still caught the ball, one yard out but Pat's had 7 guys deep, so
MARLON MACK ON MY BENCH IN TWO LEAGUES THOUGH
Bears back in last lol
the Giants luck
This drive
Omggg Why are you so beautiful
WYA? trying get a picture.
I slept in my own bed since Wednesday night,I wait to go home today.
Ahhh stop
I really hope my resurrection is glorious because this death is painful.
Been on my mind the longest
... it probably was a bad ***e
making it an effort to go see John Wall play in person
It was so close..
Can one of my friends get married already?! been to a wedding in forever cause
yooo tray be with me every night anymore and about to cry
Bruh waking around Lawrence in 40 degree weather with his shirt off
i love city girls they music be having me feeling like the shit
about to sleep so good then wake up to do some homework
Hungry asf
, Just All Our Memories We Made Together Boy Do I Miss Him!
Free my brothers missin em
Im- can i be a hard stan for you
And giving up fried foods
Ffs, I knew there was something I was meant to start watching this weekend
got you on the next one hun
wtfff remember these creepy ass costumes?
This weather is so good.
Starting to write my first manuscript and there are less than 20 articles about my topic on Pubmed
been 2 months since I started growing my hair back out & losing my mind
You're saying my bum will look too big in it aren't you?
i eat like 5 cups of ice a day from the gas station
craving rn
Aaaah, I know that feeling
give you a follow <3
Ugh
I wait to get back to the North
I wanna do something today
ikr my parents lectured me for a hour but my hair so on point afterwards
Walmart and target take all of my money
Hockey also but my team sucks so bad...so yeah.
Stg I love them people I work with. They always making me feel better and going out their way for me. Gonna miss them when I leave
Should I go back to the sharingan or Caesar to the lion
I looove my hair, but already overwhelmed at my shit being half this size lol. Lawd give me the strenfth
We love a smart sister
this bald, older daddy with a pornstache is making me feeeel a type of way at the gym rn
you lying
Yeah, 2 that I want literally came out on the same week
really in the mood for a Bigfoot cheesesteak & cheese fries
And another one bites the dust
Idk if I want pizza, tacos, or wings tf is wrong with me
Her face
so sorry
Where is my Quiwee
peak embarassing times. I'm sick.
Been cleaning since I got home
Which one should I get
Ugh Monday
Ima cry when my GREAT grandmother holds my baby
Didn't notice you banked though
catching up on and I cope with Jordan...seriously know how Chloe puts up with him
well i need new friends lol literally do nothing all day and got no one to chill w
This week back to drinking water
I over did it this weekend with all this lemonade & juice ..
Yeah, this will take GENERATIONS to fix, in my opinion.
I have plenty of times
Its the kind of friendship where i say something bad and people just laugh it off.
I wanna watch red table talk but why is it on facebook have one of those
Am glad I found something "heart breaking" today. I will be more careful in the future. yep I will
I AM DISTURBED! This has disturbed me even more than that awful picture
People dying left & right
Can tell me who can put my wig on for Friday the 27th? its a frontal.
Ready eat & get off my feet
This cabbage smell so good
Someone found some old tweets from 2012 of him heiling hitler and blaming Rihanna for her abuse & something else I think
Yes
Girllllll just trynna get as skinny as you!! trynna look good in those candids on my wedding day
Too late I need a nap before I can function
Especially you lmaooo
I wait to go home and sleep so tired
This brocolli soooo good
What a roller coaster ride of a game
Ntsika, ska ntena. I cooked for you, and you stood me up. not inviting you anywhere. Mxm, this guy
this video pisses me off
Lmaooo that mf was comfy too
I have canceled so many people... but this one, so disappointed. speechless
same here. surprised I have any friends and been in any fights tbh
What do you think? Is the husband a
soooo cold in this house
Some lady just got hit in the face with a hard line drive foulball. I felt her pain from the other side fuck
I saw a today . complete
Feel your pain. Had vomiting bug coupled with migraine all weekend Only coming out of it now. Hope
Man at work trippin
why is it so cold
I reallllllly like my new boo & I be liking people !
I know
This gonna be stressful asf
not trying to be in the casino with my aunts
So stressed making me so ill
Someone text me so bored at work
Dusse early
Damn I was gonna drop my ig (vanesamaldo00) but no wants to follow my ugly ass
Woke up to this
I want a hot fudge sundae
If I moving, be there in heartbeat!
Well gonna be one of those Monday mornings! "The pressure's off." That was a dumb statement Doug!
trynna go to rolling loud in Dec.
the name
Thanks girl!! Hopefully he follows both of us
i love youuu actually wait to see you again gunna come to london when you come!!
Soul ties
the.. they were the most uncomfortable things in the world why? are ur teeth crooked lol wut? this apparently failed to send
I live in Seattle none of that over here
so fucking pretty :( too kind. thank you
i wait to get a dude and do this
Want to help a girl out with some money ?
N my eyebrows
tumefanana? well we are not related so pretty
the beat that makes Zeze tho, fire
May the lord save my club from this crisis they are facing
I just keep trying to forget it
But no
I know my
SO CLOSE
Lmfaoooo just be glad they are friends and not cousins
LOL! Have fun! Good luck, we passed by there and the train fix is insane
No, that would be lust
I had this same problem in the last 3 months. Get to karokee and my mind draws a blank.
Ah tell me about it!
I am such a needy little diva
I exactly know why i love him like holy shit all his scenes and he is such a man
so salty I had to get it tho them contractions was fuckin me up
ion want to go to work tonight .
been such a busy half term that only just getting around to this job!
i hate getting used to sleepin w my boo , i miss my boo boo
I know I say it every time hungover but I never want to drink again
my skin is starting to become clear again
I fucking hope doing a vid!
like wait i want this song to be longer
I just hope I get out next to where is going to be
SHE IS VERY GORGEOUS TO ME
\
( (>
_/ \_
we had the ball damn near the whole quarter and get no points???
Writing is such an emotionally fraught profession.
My interview went so well today
I care how long or short I knew you or who you are. You got 1 time to move funny and blocking you out my life. a promise
pretends i didn't post this six hours ago w zero likes and brings it back... pls give me attention
Why are you telling us this
Man I did not want to get out of bed today
Missing summer already
Not the greatest start
Why they both be Nathans though?
Come on Mark!
What?! play with my emotions
Why is Tumi wearing her ugly clothes now that back home?
I wanna paint my walls pink PAUSE!!!!!! *SOBS*
Need my man cuddled up with me
ya Allah please pray for Kaduna. 100 people have died between today and yesterday. Please keep us in your prayers
I do it on any hair. Mine or others I might make it my mission to learn!
85% was my best everything else was trash :/ only got 2 shinies too out of 153 catches
Michael, your no celebrity You a Porn and attention seeker
I had a party of 8 young black men last night and NONE of them left me a tip why they do me like that tho
do I still count?
tryna go to battle of the bay
Keep it simple Sean
So thankful I grew up in a traveling household. My parents never been the type to not take us anywhere.. we went everywhere
Can somebody tell me why FP confessed to this murder too impatient for these kinds of shows
I want to go to the gym honestly but the way I just ate is the only thing stopping me because I know going to regret it afterwards
I wait til this food come in starving
Why are my cathartic projects so damn expensive?
Watch for the very latest. So sick of crime like this in Jax. We can do much better.
Off for a week?!? Fabulous! Remember that Hard Reset on my
I lost 100 tabs of pure fic.
I need some hibachi in my life
Said sis you really glowing like just trynna be happy
tried. Not the same
so happy to have alana as a friend she the only person i can just do anything and go anywhere wit whenever we feel like it
I literally never fail to want Chick-fil-A on a SUNDAY why am I like this
worse? Getting blown out and losing or close games? .. It all feels the same.
first picture so pretty
Mad baby fever lately
Im bouta miss the first half of the game
my mom loves costumes
people in the past must have really weird taste in horror movies
true dream team
Bears.... so close
Kiana Lede got heattt so many woman r&b artists loving it!
The mint ones are EVERYTHING
My wife is having a baby Look I know what my f-acquaintance did to upset you
I keep watching this
I mind going to the movies
THAS WAS THE SADDEST SHIT EVER
Last game today with for due to moving to Eng. 1st game-March 2015 & leaves
I need 56 cents
not sure what I did to deserve days like this my child is out of control
MJ was so talented!!! sheesh
i wish she wake up
I want some chili or peachtree
D worst part about my man being away is wen he up most times sleeping,wen he sleeping up
I'm gonna cry, Louis must be so upset and angry right now
I just wan lay up wid my man and rub he head
like why am i so small
im just a skinny girl that loves to eat
LITERALLY. growing up
undecided on this hair shit anyway
Finally off just wanna relax & watch movies for the rest of the day!
WHY DO BOYS NOT TAG THEIR FIT MATES IN THEIR PHOTOS
So much shit is dropping this Friday
Thought in this together
Finished and I really need to discuss the last episode with someone
Honestly the grass is always greener, lucky u have curly hair
my 2010-2014 tweets are ridiculous I ever be famous smfh
Home alone today
Can get married already? totes ready to be a bridesmaid
I am so DISTURBED
Still healing from shit I even talk about. Still accepting shit that I change you hear me.
especially iri breakfast
Send help I want the new Kindle Paperwhite but I still have a perfectly functional old Paperwhite
My wife is having a baby Look I know what my f-acquaintance did to upset you
I'm craving Canes!!! What are they putting in that sauce and chicken to make it so addictive?!
So new day , and still heard back from anyone about the process for iOS 12
I even know the $100 bill looked like that I never see them
Whew scared
When you have to accept all the clients even without booking made me so
How is he so flexible! My spine snapped watching this
That song touch ya soul have ya thinking like damn
lol my fingers really ain't working
When I said I felt I'm not kidding
thank god wasn't my dominant hand that got burnt
Trying to say something without saying it
Dreading waking up tomorrow morning already, are the worst
How on earth would anyone - sane market someone with this profile. How did we get here?
My curls last not even a day I forgot to put my bonnet on and woke up looking a hottttttt ass mess
How does one look so good in any photo taken of him ?? Teach me your ways
Hate horrors
Now I want some mayi moulin
I knew Chris Paul start it
girl you even know me to start saying facts whatever you say not gonna change the
Me too. Love is beautiful man
Lmaooo wow so you want more to do the same thing to them
i meant in my family but gaviotas makes up for it
I bought this big ass cheese cake and cant eat it all by myself
JESUS CHRIST
LMAO I'm so confused now.
Gonna drop them!
Yip ... seen loads decorations in local shops ...
Headache
How could someone to be so flawless!
You are everything to me
That last play though......
i always crave chick fil a on
we was LIT lastnight. i had so much fun.
some food when you need it
Kiana Lede got heatttt so much good r&b out right now
I wait that long this sounds soooo dope already
Sod your luck
Tell me your secret
Man So Sick Of These OTs
This is SOOOO the perfect tat for you Mads love it
So many to pick from but I love
Omgaaawww these last few hours at work are dragging 1.5 more hours
loved to be at the game today
Bby pls rotate
Cant wait till my baby comes back home
Ugh my heart so damn proud of you both so much you even know
Okay I'll settle for that.
Honestly thought he was going to score
definitely taking another trip here soon
47 hour week is looking like death already and ain't even started working it yet
This is literally me and Siri. Siri gets on my damn nerves.
in a time of need and Mils answer my calls
Black Hair Give Me LIFEEEEE
Had a Blast with my Susta Cats this weekend omgggg love
we all want all the best things regardless don't we
looool my hair is popular who knows what
Same here, although it bit me in the arse as I knew it would one day. The jlr plant closing for 2 weeks
I need 56 cents badly
I just want to stay up all night watching but I have to be up at 5:30am
Others might be laughing us know
Me Everyday , New Bf Me Please
This video
think I ever go through a full day without saying I could eat something
I got gangsterd into writing out the lyrics to every single song I want to. I know them I swear
This past week was bullshit , praying for better days
I miss you too!! I feel like yesterday went by wayyyyy to fast
I miss you guys already
Tis the season to be sick
This is unreal. But my tears are real
How do girls constantly dress cute.
I miss my boyfriend
Me and MK do this every other week, proof you need a woman when you got your nikkas
My family is fr the BIGGEST help with my baby without them idk what id do
You might be right about your boy Bowles
I will never have morning sex again before i go to work been dragging alll day
what brother nature do ?!
My gosh.....they were lit
You bitches read , why am I kidding myself
Eyyyy happened to the airplane dance!! I miss it
not crying
sooo cold outside
Only the browns
Real shit
I drafted Diggs over Thielen this year in fantasy
When your nose is running like an absolute tap
Yeah Cuzz I was beatin the Dog shid outta u lastnight
Never had anxiety this bad in my life
I like the look of those boards..... more than my wallet does
I LOVE Sundays Soo relaxing
Snapchat Filters
Wigs from Yours Truly
Kindly Follow me on IG
I think i got the flu ian had no appetite all week ill buy some eat one bite of it and dont want it no mo
In a right huff with myself, hungover, period pain and Alex is at work ALL DAY
Tell that bitch sorry
i have uni tomorrow
ahhh i gotta see what my schedules lookin like
This is the cutest
Too much going on these next few be a fool if I save my money
Wanted to go to the club with my homie for his b day but have anyone to go with me
Days like this I miss my lap
be. some shit smashed together in a nugget shape
The prices for flights home for Christmas are borderline psychotic. really just tryna be with my family for the holidays
I feel so lazy on sundays
He looks so happy
too old for this shit
Need my hair done
Cant wait to order my inchessss
My Stinka last day at this school is Tomorrow awwww I believe my taken her back
I need to get up and get ready but being so lazy right now
Thanks for the tip but I'm not writing any exam at all. It just 3 long ass assignments that just don't wanna be completed
These one are busy reminding me that I am going to work tomorrow
Ate so good now I got the itis
CAN YOU STOP BEING SO FUCKING CUTE
Khante what happened? i missed it
Minceuuh
Can we go a lil early cause I work tomorrow
Ooooohhhh, nvmd . wild
Especially the morning
I be missing my baby, but I be missing her extra when she be forgetting me
My friend really just did my homework so i could Sunday funday with her, so real for that!
Can find my charger and one phone already dead
This football game is giving me bad anxiety
Saw my aunty in Walmart and she paid for my stuff. wow the best fr.
What do you think? Is he a
Savage Mode was so cold
Omg he was so cute until he opened his mouth
I really eat too much
i could nvr not think negative
going to miss California
why i had to give myself to him today he been showing up & showing out in my life
Wasted the whole of my weekend worrying & being upset & now Monday is right around the corner
Let me sneak this nap in before I gotta do hair
Think the only person who suffers from hay fever alllll year long
dksjskskks i wish but i have one last midterm to prepare
canny handle a boiling hot room at night.
Ima make him rubb my feet grease my hair & eat my pusya
a two qb league so got to have at least three to account for bye weeks
I make one typo on snapchat and suddenly everyone is a English graduate
I know my I was just kidding so cute
This nigga been yelling for five mins and in traffic. I just needed to go 10mins up the road
Literally from the time I was born up until last Sunday.
I just realized that why i eat desserts when stressed because:
DESSERTS=STRESSED
The logic is real. No?
Dug up some old tweets
Another day another book.
When this done I'll have to go buy more.
Where to get shares in RIK and Nigel Khan?
Replace him
I'm so soft
Our baby is realizing his desires
Half cousins
Same here my friend
Like now bc i wanna .... nothing ready to get my b.c shot tomoro
i hate craving food that my bank account won't support the purchase of
I miss my girl
the fact that you classified this
Stress relief needs to be higher, ya lying cant be just me
If nails shops were open on Sundays they would get so much more business
Why do you have to hurt me like this?
i wan to b loved on !
Smelling Sunday din din the oven got my mouth watering right now
I know
Saw the cutest couple moving in. I miss those days
Idk if I want an apartment or just another single next year.
Haiden really my baby he getting so big on me
RT Alex143637: omg this is too cute
It hurts to see a person loved and cared about become an unrecognizable person. Like I know you anymore
What he saayyy
Totally!! Although Wentz could have pulled it out but
RT Alex143637: omg this is too cute wordstionary
I stop thanking my brother for last night. I been THAT turnt up in a minute
he literally almost had it
I need someone to go to the Leon Bridges concert with.
wow I was not expecting the weekend before my osce to be this unproductive duahs are needed
Lets goooo fck i knew shlda picked up Bibbs this week
Just horrendous!!! know where to start
That was one heartbreaking loss
I even know what to say
my little crush gone have a bae and it gone be me
I bet she still looks cute lol
Non aesthetic thing
Kay baby finna text you
making a murderer part 2 is breaking ma heart for Brendan appalling still in jail based on that confession
hard to stay solid at both smash and cod why do I do this to myself
Russ Been Playing Tonight
really the best person ever doe crazy
Nah, but I already bought my tickets so going anyways.
He probably just lost mad upcoming deals
He really went out there and did this, the rudeness
Chief priest ! Pls ehn, I need you to tell me when exactly I am gonna get rich.
Same here All I'm worried about. D3 announcement added more to it
right!!! ridiculous
I been this hungry in a long time
You already be a senior still my baby!
paris suits him, he belongs there
Smelling Sunday din din in the oven got my mouth watering right now
starving but got bad ass heartburn rn
Yes he is when we sit him on there for the first time when they give me the green light, you have
Shoulders! happy for you
Wednesday at? I wait any longer
I love youuu can't wait
For real thinking about getting the Apple Watch..finally. Idk tho.
Someone please come dust my apartment for me
Gotta film four videos this week
Having a puppy at school would literally complete me
Cowboys gone make me pull out my shot glass
My man sleeping he need to get up
Bruh the equivalent of putting cling wrap on your feet, them shits flimsy
This baby really moon crawling
How to get one of those beautiful
Ugh, yes please
OOF thank
My Oga
I feel so empty without my ring
I would deadass take a 20 minute break after answering two homework questions. Why am I like this?
Everyday a new viral negative tweet going around about Nicki It really breaks my damn heart I
you the one that i want in my life
I want to go on the Alcatraz tour in SF so bad
do I really have to go to work tomorrow
Not Pluto tho lmaooo. It all happened so fast lol still proud.
that sounds like a lot of fun so unexpected lmao
I want that onesie
Shrimp and grits with mimosas sound so good
my queen
I feel like I need another road trip, being here is just so depressing
Look at him please so cute
What do you think? Is the husband a
My word pay somebody to fold these clothes rn
What do you think? Is the husband a
Me af but I be not tryna pop off I gotta problem with my hands
Anybody wanna go out to eat starving
it feels like been at work for 10yrs & only been here an hour
Since everyone out here doing colabs & shit .. & can we get another WATTBA I know I be
oof, he FINE fine
i hate my mom she just howled out loud in the middle of the buffet
Ion think i can smoke while getting head cus my dumb ass might swallow the blunt or sum shit
so happy Iloveyousososomuch
Please and thank you
Imma marry him. I said that in 2014. So see what happens
Jade, I wanna come eat you! get wild babe
I swear i be missing my kids on the weekends i be ready to get back to work.
I was playing cod with terrible connection then u call it made it worse
been dozing on and off all day and now I have to go to work
so hot outside
Cowboy Fans boutta be sick SUCK A DICK AND SHUT UP TODAY
Damn just Sunday... sadly
I wait for to drop this album I already know issa banger!!
every year I make a new set of hoes mad
I love my dreads
And that fucking makes me sadd.. his face when he was fighting for armstrong with Simon.. Oh god
I literally think I need to have about 1000 litres of fizzy drink today would kill a man for one
Trust so glad to be off tomorrow
Thanks bub but i think they're just my daily mood swings
Why we just like a song got damn
I even know what to say
Dan. R. Has put a hole in his changing room wall ! (Apparently)
love u baby
I want roasted yam and Palm oil sauce
Pazartesiye bir
The RH Background is so rad tbh, miss Vintage
We talking 4-5 hours to cross back bitchhhh pero queria Rosarito
Oof my snaggletooth
Same as hell literally my mother with everything
i would give it all up for him
The weekends go by to fast
I love this so much
Bad start on both sides of the ball there.
Down 7-0 early
Over here dying for my vices that be killing me! where my
I seriously know how do all this waka before Tuesday
wow really that irrelevant
But the kid Thank you sweetheart
Damn my new job is gonna have me going out all the time
Great weekend! I just wait to be home.
Yep
Guys really hungry but I promise stay the whole three hrs!
Lord my maw maw cooked red beans fish and cornbread
like this tho some of niggas even eat pussy just irritating
In not going to deep creek beat
I do not want him at all
I need some real good loving
I need another Halloween costume but idk what to be
been to Samoa in years looking at my dads village in Upolu just reminiscin
Okay
Yeah it was bad. Just invest in an essential oil diffuser.
My baby is 8 months today.
swap Lukaku for this guy in a heartbeat
I really want to see gherbo later
This exam has came around faster than hoped
I wish I can show you how much I love you
I am starving and by the time I get off work everywhere will be closed
Finally getting my nails done.
I hate when ppl type pls put some respect on his name Thanks.
putting ya whole life on social media cute baby
Estou apaixonada nesse gif
I feel like 70% of women be lying when they give another woman a compliment
I need to get these tickets off my hands
why is there no fast forward button !?
I stg ever since I parked my car in SE. this shit been sounding right
I got my ass handed to me by some guy last night getting soft in my old age
Noooo why do people still think socially acceptable to video themselves whilst driving. So dangerous & just embarrassing
Oh boy they scored already
I love his life
I With These Cowboys!
2018 and niggas still shit
Why electricity and the newest ones available
just release 3B
The block by whitehair tho
swear it took 3 hours to put up everything from the shower
same but I'll be there early January.
God took her time for sure!
My son is so excited about going to see WWE smack down live
my been a mess for about a year an half, just need happy days to return
literally in the hospital every other day
this is going to be you tomorrow
I want boiling crawfish
Listennnnn that hangover was evil
I love tomboy fits
I follow on Snapchat for the good ass food videos and his art
I feel like always at work i feel like i live here here more than in class
Tous les week-ends pareil
The follow to unfollow game on Instagram is killing my vibe stahp
Bro K3 Got The Hook Ups, You Know That K3 Cool With Ben Baller? You Seen The K3 Chain?
Just pinch his new dog
or them from me
Lol so pretty
Our lil arthoe
yesssss. omg a virgin again
My head is killing me
not the type to sleep naked but I just have to tonight
so hot
This song and album is so underrated
awwww thank you love
Must be nice
i love you so much and i miss u like crazy!!!!!!!!!
Damnnnnn shoulda went to the Darell Show
i miss this
I think ever go to Starbucks again after trying Donuts iced coffee
Mid October, time to watch
I just wanna be able to workout again
Was just tryna go get a miche with and we got hit
finna cook some hot wings and fries
I want some good food today
This birth control switch was NOT my best decision
I jus stood up and still drunk & i gotta go 2 work
10 weeks in. Still have a lot more to go
Yayyy I passed my exam with a 96 it feels good to know not a failure lmfaoo
Eastside is stuck in my head again.
I hope i look twice as better too
- i love, love, LOVE authentic Italian food mother did that
Drinking straight from the bottle
no plug dem YouTube checks
Agree
Got me feeling like a kid in a candy store
This Browns game got my nerves bad
ladies is already a bloodbath get ready
my uncle bought me a corralejo tequila bottle for my 16th bday a real one
Ugh, they were both good
I really wanna big two tvs at one time , i might got no choice doe
you know what
Love the tats
txt me the link again pls
John...
Stop breaking my heart
Gumbo with fried fish and shrimp all missing is potato salad
yoooooo now this is what trying to do
I wanna go to work today and train more people
Funny how she mention a Nation. when mostly they have more hates towards Lauren.
This nap bout to be fiyaa
Brother Nature got his teeth done and someone wanted to humble him
I got a surprise FaceTime call today I don't even have eyebrows but it was another interview lol. I got the gig.
wait for Luke combs with
I really just screamed at my tv. Mickey is back back this was a tv breakup that tore my heart to pieces!
me ensina a fazer isso
I started doing my hair at 1:30.... 4:40 and just now finishing my hair
These tamales boutta be bomb asf
believe Chicago almost pulled that off
lmao his WiFi o, had it for like 3weeks
I know not getting any sleep tonight oh well gotta do this shit by any means necessary!
been wanting much lately, cause my detox
actually reminds me how much i hte group projs eventho my classes this sem are super bare minimum
Unfortunately Donarumma ruined the game.
Boss I enjoy it o!
I squirted so hard omg
Almost
Tomorrow is Monday I only got 1 day off
Need to get rid of my 8+ I want the X now
...u did it anyway
imagine if you my everything.... I love you so much makes me so happy reaching your dreams baby
I be wanting seafood all day everyday
Lemme lay down before this girl get here
Unless the wwe games make the same kinda money nba does (they never get the same effort from them.
Wow look at me and all my friends
this job really makes me wanna EXPLODE
kind of really sad I go to a university, I wanted to get that whole experience
Clara is Spider-Man daft and nobody does any 12-18 month sized Spider-Man or Spider-Girl outfits
Holy shit his voice
I swear I will do anything to avoid my homework.
The tastiest thing was the water
I really was bout to sleep the day away. then reality set in. Gotta go get my kids
What is wrong with ?
This song is so perfect I listen to it literally everyday!!
That feeling when u wanna do something so bad but its know point because u know it happen for u
i hope class is cancelled on friday. i wanna go home early.
Take me back
And whenever im stuck in ... Than ?
your body is so perfect, do u workout? or have tips on how u stay looking amazing i
I can feel it in my throat tryna get sick
So Fuckn Hot In Here
I wanna have a baby
But not right now
Why am I already thinking about what I want to eat for lunch tomorrow?
Y es The Weeknd vete a la verga
I love my car but I never have no where to go..
definitely a collab we just cant figure out who
Absolutely crazy, what an experience. Shout out to everyone for showing so much love to us
I really just want to smoke and lay up
Of all the things that had to be a milkshake duck why did it have to be brother nature
wait for next month
I need to get home to watch this game
I dislike elissa but...this still slaps hard
Youngboy deceived emotions hit me a different way
My dad is leaving to Mexico
RT Alex143637: omg this is too cute
I really want too! I know anybody fr tho and idk if I wanna sleep over a family members place or just book an hotel
I was never into white guys until I watched SOA and saw his fuckin fine ass
anxiety's back at it again
This is seriously the cutest thing ever seen
I know get sick because of this stupid change of weather
I can eat rice with every meal got an obsession
Fucking hell I hate hitting my funny bone! so not funny
Shit was crazy when I found out allat shit on pimp my ride was staged
My AA cracked by KK, not to be
I got the game on of course
you hate ham too!?!?
Can someone pull up my tweets from 2010 trynna see something
Tevin and Moe are maddd sexy
tast sht, throat hurting, thanks Tori
It can never just be all good, even for a little bit
RT Alex143637: omg this is too cute
wherre
finna take a hot bath
up with my header nobody liking it
I just want my mattress to come in already
so glad im going to the nail salon tuesday
Hey quality issue! What are my options if already used half the stack?
Bobby is soooo cute OMG he reminds me of my dog who looks like he is a mix between Bobby and your
Gawd the carrier bags on the handles bashing your legs
Carl from Jimmy Neutron
Feels bad man
Church folks always making a service longer than it has to be
why do people hate country music so much??? i love country its a whole different vibe
The weather today is so niceee
Who tf told me to get like this
These ones are busy reminding me that I am going to work tomorrow
docs saved in pages on desktop no longer open by simply clicking on them
i want the turquoise juul so bad
I want these wtf
Right?
leaving here at 5 and only past 10
OMG Insta story is the cutest Cuddles!
John baby, I love you
uk real when u still try n rap to your girl like u tryna bag it lol same effect still..
I love traveling for work but I am not looking forward to the plane ride tomorrow just because this weekend was sooo LITTY!!!!
My school so damn dry
in Tyler & now I know why I never come back
I can eat slim Jims all day
these eyebrows
I know bad girl so so sorry honey i miss you so much
Me
the hate u give is a good ass movie
I have to wait until on the BBCA app tomorrow
Now I wanna stress eat bc we lost
When people get upset over things like that because they want it but have it
like seriously this is beautiful she should of released it!
La gente se lo DICIENDO
I Got Damaged Like This LASTNIGHT
lowkey in a mood to go out and do something.
Smokin Weed & Drinkin Water really my favorite way to pass time
59 Yards .... WOW
I wanna have so much money , where If i go somewhere ion have to ask the price
Vegeta ! i wanted him to be a real person so bad !
i want some conch
I just ordered some food for Thiago and I, so ready to eat
Yes one of my favourite BEG bops
This is soo wrong The Teasee!
I've got no sleep, i need to work tomorrow morning goshhh
This is the best Twitter has been in a while, brother nature why
and me Rn
Why are you mad at me anyway
you get tired
I wait to be home.
Buying gifts for my cousins baby shower & I wanna buy it all!!! I love buying baby gifts.. but idk what happens
Every Sunday I say im going to bed early & every Sunday laying in my pants, eating crap & browsing random memes until 1am
waiting for the highlights guys. Cmon
This video always gets me
my mum got me and vanessa printed on a canvas for us to put in our rooms why is she the cutest thing ever i
FINALLYYYYY finished my foundation courses. 3 qualifications in the bag and on to the hard stuff
When will this end
I went away
I believe be back in California tomorrow
Oh. My. God. Browns
Finally ordering new clothes
Osheyyy the barresttttttt
on the phone with my niece and singing god is a woman to me.
when did she get so big?
I need it to be 5 already so I can clock out
Start my new job tomorrow and got a cold
Dry skin
Dull complexion
Pigmentation
Sun damaged skin
NoTox is your all in one moisturising
Nicki is upset with us & i blame her
I'm super exhausted
Finally
But a hour away
especially my arms
The good life , i miss this
a ouvir a do khalid
I really come home to no food in the house. They care about me
Why am I in love with you????
I put you through so much & I apologize
Think I might just drop out of uni Cos I need to submit my diss title and aims by 9am and so far I have absolutely NOTHING
cope with how cute is..
I want to hear Live music
always such a vibe
My whole body is sore from working out. I need a massage
I really was hoping he was starting to accept her.
I would date diags in a heart beat the cutest ever my heart
The one thing struggling with doing sober for October
Lucky my ass is at work now til 10 and dying to smoke ... only been here an hr
I had chicken & waffles in forever
The man was like 12
My bitch in the shop salty
always when I have every intention to be productive that I be
think waiting till spring to trade in my truck but tore between what I want
Life was but a dream
I pray God I with me tomorrow to pass this mf quiz
Gimme the ones enter
thanks sis and Im praying for your shoes ... cs i know those crusty ass toes of yours just dying to burst out
I just ask God to please stop allowing me to procrastinate
Went home on break to watch football
been a long day
Bunged up full of cold.. feel so ill
Welp another L
Please sell weighted blanket merch
must be nice, gold1 b2b has given me de ligt, king, taturasanu or whatever and ighalo
I wait until I get my hair done
not liking that Jane became Remy again Bring Jeller back!
I need a nap
Crabs. Steamed shrimp. Popcorn shrimp. Fried fish. Fried chicken. String beans. Corn on the cob. Crab stuffed baked potatoes.
I just want Damien home like today. Idk how gonna make it these next two weeks without him
he is
really my shit
I wanna watch this movie again
She's mine too
i wish i had a way to watch season 9 of
believe Catanzaro made 59-yard game winner! We gotta let him go still
Also, please tell your friends to stop asking for our Wits hoodies
This is beautiful
I want Chinese.
Annihilator
she scheduled for a fake event they agreed to link
my sister is havin a luh boy, proud af.
Thinking about dying my hair again
want my lashes done for my birthday but idk who should do them..
I pray God is with me tomorrow to help me pass this quiz
Trying so hard not to take a nap
I really feel like crap today man!
Of course EXO will be releasing teaser in the week where I have to work almost everyday WHERE WERE WHEN I DIDNT HAVE WORK HUH?
struggling to pick myself back up
It really
Poor Baby Renzo ya'll don't be giving him no rest
Why do I keep dreaming about Paolo Ballesteros
Dang Chipotle $2.05 just for a little scoop of guacamole
But I miss my bed & my son
Your should not be this fine but both plz
4 more hours until I turn up with my best friend this night was definitely needed
I watch a new dragon ball z episode every weekend I be so excited for the next episode
So he makes it
I need a Apple plug. My phone is in terrible condition
I need you to be my nail tech
Thats so crazy im sorry yeah i got lucky the one commission i did the girl was super patient each
This weekend was so lit
Want to go to the movie to see Halloween but have anyone to go with
so done with football bro
Anyway I wait to get this hair cut geesh
This is Fact sis! Just get yo fake boyfriend lined up be your camera person
dead ass finna go get some
you that has lost it
I was drunk texting last night that b that fck shit you get back sorry that me
My thoughts are absolutely wild right now. Straight up filthy
Back home we go
Worst part of storm response is seeing all the displaced doggies and kitties wandering around
I just want somebody to order these bundles for me ...
I'm going there for Christmas... are you gonna be there !?!?!?
Such a good drama! You can feel his manipulation
Really loving this cut from E
I know mental even talking about formal with her wish we could go back
She Is Perfect
YIKES! 500? I be depressed everyday.
bout to knock out
I just gave up cheese bread and pasta this week but idk if I could ever give up pork
Write in English correctly, please?
I'm trying
59yrds though
Mood when you think about all the homework you put off until today...
i just wanted a cookie mummy but no one answered have they not arrived back from lidl yet or are they ignoring me
All are wanting babies.. mine asks me every time we talk bout babies
Another overtime... so close!
I crave him not sex but like his scent, his vibe, & his company
WHY AM I SEEING SO MANY CUTE BABIES TODAY.
the temptation.
no. too young.
RETURN THEM DAMN CURLS FROM WAR NOW
i should sleep. but my body wont let me
I reallyyy want menchies today but leaving my house happen, settle for baking my cookies
Ok so clearly I need this phone you look pretty and pic so damn crisp
I love being on the road making money and seeing the country but damn I miss you
ever been so tired that you felt like if you took another step you gone fall
Good one! Then that lad who poked knives in his legs, Calum Davenport. Gawd, had some donkeys at centre-back
I received one either
thinking have to find a way to print it myself
I always know here when I see the Jubilee church billboard
Can never seem to catch a fucking break man
I loooove money
.. my love for you
See God knew I need to go to Tech homecoming that looking decent
This looks so relaxing
Watching the Craig/Lewis debate on and I think Angie is nervous has the
O gitmez
I want to do all these dates but I have no boo halloween used to b my
So hard trying not to eat all this good food trying to get abs
i jus wanna go to a haunted house at least once but my friends abt it
I keep hoping out the car without my jacket like not cold af
Does anyone else look at their dog and cry because you just love them SO much?
Vin Scully
rindu mikey, adik, moshi, kontot, panjang, oreo, kurap, pea, chico, chica and mimot at this hour
Just trying to be Forrest Gump and Jenny .....one year
I want to put on makeup
Swear dying.
I miss my baby
I have wing dings, chicken wings, fish, beef, beef ribs and whatever else in my freezer why tf am I starving on this Sunday
oof cancelled
wait what did Brother Nature do
taehyung probably met up with lorde to see if he could get in the louvre.... me solidarity
Nnete ke gore...
Kaiden did not want to leave
I want outback when I get off
I literally have no life when Deion here I be so bored
the daughter looks older than Jo
literally me
When limit to being psycho only once a day
Ughh I wait someone come with me to watch this
People bring me up just to talk I understand. a hot topic
my bf passed by an dog adoption place and sent me a video of this cute ass lil pup he needs to chill before we become puppy parents
The Cowboys are such a disappointment on the road
what she say? blocked
They be half stupid
I definitely went to Williamsburg with Tay
This shit about to be like $250 too.
Every time I try to delete them all, Bryson finds a tweet of me sayin the N word I gotta delete em hand by hand or sum.
I could be mid sentence and start yelling in a football game
Whoever is going to see phora tonight please say hi lmao gonna be alone
Hey Cleveland will pay for items in my house my husband destroys every Sunday thanks to
I guess i deserved it im waiting for you then
miss my baby already
One of my earrings fell out so now I look like a man
lived in Texas all this time and still have yet to go to the State Fair
My face is breaking out
my bf passed by a dog adoption place and sent me a video of this cute ass lil pup he needs to chill before we become puppy parents
this stuff looks better than some luxury brands
sorry but so in love w my nails
I neeeeeeed my throat fucked
I even did the unthinkable, sorry for what I did I you
so ready to leave
IDK WHICH IS THE ART
Why am I trying this right now? Cause I have nothing to lose
Boy is it tough being a browns fan only we can lose like that
I just might RT this the whole game.
seafood sounds good right about now
You are a homosexual what you think about me means nothing You suck dick for a living Ya farva hates u
Am I the only mom that got their kids a costume
I have no wish to sand
When alone I wanna zone out
My god daughter is the definition of perfect man
I fall for crazy girls my fuckin problem. But I like that shit.
Wow please forgive
i always get headaches when i study
go by the liquor store tomorrow
I got much H But bloody die if they had taken what I had
I need to break down and buy some Kendra Scott jewelry
trying to concentrate on my storyboards here. Why did Now You See Me 2 have to come on TV
Today had been long asf tired
does anyone know of any cmbyn au fics i really need this or else ima end up writing it
Need to find time to go find a new sweat suit before Wednesday morning
Guys... imagine being a Browns fan.
tryna keep everybody happy, but I just end up hurting
I always miss jason when he's gone
My parents not cooking today
I wait to go take a nap
The kills me.
They are my true weakness
Missing my gf right now
I and Miss U Sasha So Much Illysm!!!
Sad I get to see tomorrow. seen him when came for the last 2 years buuut sadly I work a double tomorrow
Bucs w/ that 59 yard OT FG! Holy ! face says it all. Gosh, I football!!!
Yes bitch well it help that in LA filling it up too
Dreading closing tonight
Oh baby stop
Salt in the wound with Jabrill fumble. Damn those Michigan men.
I wish I was cuddling right now, freezing my ass off
i tuck in most times because bulge
They randomly left me my plane pillow but be without headphones for this 4 hour flight
Ughhhh. on my bucket list to go see & touch a elephant so cute.
Nasty , Nasty here for it
Absolutely fucking useless
No joy in Mudville. But dang exciting. Finally got radio up on computer.
They're actually mad. If you're not dying tomorrow, why are you spending more than you have on such food?
WOW BUCCANEERS! 59 yard field goal good to win in overtime. Let the torture continue ...
why have you done this
I want a cake from Maxwells Bakery for my birthday I hope they deliver because there is no way going back
You know how beautiful it would be to be laying in that tub or pool smoking a faaaat joint
I just woke up and now being attacked by that gif
stop playing w/queen man
I stepped out and got fine fine last night Ohwell..
My favorite gay boy , I been hiding luv life what it used to be, where u tf u been hard keeping up with u
Come on saints
Uhg sooo exspesive and they ruined my kashes and are a lot of upkeep :(
Lmaoooo happens to everyone, but my hangover was CRUCIAL today
I need me a man like this
I need somebody like him in my life
if any volunteers wanna assist me with moving this upcoming weekend, that would be great.... buy you lunch or something
How are you
Really want hair extensions, why am I so broke
My anxiety is on 100 today & killing me
Goodness gracious
still in here painting
Can I go fishing too
We always start off . Every game
believe managed to lock my old account
i need to find the mix he dropped at connect
Cruise control be trying to kill a nigga comin around the curves
I want a fofofo
I want a wig
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT! Im super obsessed with him, them eyes & big ol paws
30 miles from home and so happy
If you have more than 10k followers, you are not allowed to curve me, give me a shot... PLEASE
miss u already baby
This damn traffic... just tryin to sit down & eat! hangry!
living my dream. teach me de wai.
I love my fashion king
hungry as a mf like why am I still at work
Pardon
Come out of work with such a sore throat sly
sheshh both of my brothers been in a car accident this week
Show me
Damn i want a bomb home cooked meal put me to sleep type shit
I think somethng is wrong with my libido.
my urge for knacks is too much
I was just stuck looking at a girls page cause she have no lips lmaoooo
A song I will never be able to rap along to cause of the N word
This!! thank you so much gorgeous but have you seen yourself??
always d sweetest
Too much beauty
I'm actually crying for the way this dog looks, all so HAPPY
MOMMY'S CHEESE HE/SHE IS SO
So many things I want to book at the Art centre looking forward to 'Down to Earth' on Thursday, very tempted by
The most comfy too
Absolutely gutted that I manage to get a ticket for tonight in Norwich
Haha not even that picky I just want to know going to stay with the person when it happens xxx
can we talk about finneas' hat?
Shawty really be balling up & it takes my breath away!
I need some more grapefruit absolut
Then called everybody to see what they cooked today
RT Alex143637: omg this is too cute
filling up soooo excited to help these awesome women signing up!!! Grab your spot ASAP!!
groupon really be coming in clutch
Me too!!! not fair
bout to be 23 yo, old
Just waking back up I was so tired, I get any sleep last night man
Tell me about it I love this team to damn much they break my heart
Stan x 6lack, such a vibe
Think I have the most boring boyfriend in the world
I need this energy in my life
wait to give my mans a lap dance to Dance For You
Pepper soup
Replace A Star is Born with the Bucks game and HAPPENING AGAIN
be dealing with this Sunday shift hungover to fuck by MYSELF I want to cry, someone cuddle me
I know!! We want to leave
I want some Pasta & wine
Michigan and Tampa Bay both won this week, OSU losing great weekend for sports
I would do anything right now for some BBops
I wait to be off
This weekend was one of the best weekends I have ever had
I literally cut everybody off jus to get my feelings played with now back lonely
U TRYING TO HARD.
My heart
HAHAHAHAHA ARE YOU GOING TO GET IT FOR ME MUMMY
I wanted to buy a ticket pero faaaaaaak los precios
But ..but you look beautiful tho
Same sis my daughter birthday is jan. 2 like why ugh
I wanna go to the movies
a big procrastinator it has to stop
Discussing Charlee birthday and Christmas which like so behind and clueless on
I Even Start Work & Ready To Go
I said I had one more relationship in me but I tired of starting over
FLICKERS!! I wish saw this
No..it was only tweeted 8mins after I texted you
I literally have to go here
I hate waking up EVERY morning to my hair smelling like straight gas.. especially when I just got it done
People always end up being disappointing
not everyone planning to buy him a museum
She said ma you mama pig , dada daddy pig , and peppa pig that shit really just shocked me
I want it too even though I'm not a baby but I want it!!!
Literally tho
Escape is deadass getting me through the week
This is so freaking cute omg
I hope I find what they want to be
i got the biggest pimple on my face
Kids Netflix & Chill all day with my baby before this work week
me and jordan literally sleep all day until its time to go to work we be exhausted
I used to ... when he was in tranny
i hope my phones comes in the mail tomorrow, i can't take it anymore
Broooo this the realest shit ever
The poor browns man. They keep getting robbed this year
so tired and grumpy
I wish I did that now actually it of mattered because lost every single piece of work/ notes from undergrad
Cmon cowboys
sad my actual screen cracked in the corner
Me too
Y do I do this to myself
My head hurts......too much alcohol
I was in soooo much pain this morning
Omg this describes me
Adorable My nephew was never this still in the chair at 3 years old lol
I know what is that
Ummm if are lookin for over the top gorgeous Halloween costumes go to Nordstrom I gonna get em tho.. but just so you know
I really want to cook dinner but I really want to go to Walmart
My best friend forgets I exists
i wait to get my own place so i can cook man i miss it
I never gave you a reason to hate me. You're just creating you're own little drama of pure insecurity.
that sucks olly will make up for it tho he's great live!! xx
I have to deal with people every fucking day of my life, tiring and depressing and over it
If you cry I cry
My head hurts, Hungry and so tired
This is not the first time this has happened to me. They want that it would be seen. Lmao
I miss you both
sheesh It looks like the only person in America coming for homecoming
fr nobody gets off our tips
I want 2 thigh sleeves so bad
Brahhhhh I consumed
Wish I had someone to bring me food
I wanna pay this 428 for this ticket I already paid 100 on it . I just feel like way too much money
Content With My Life Rn 3 More Days
Anybody wanna go to the fair I want a turkey leg & funnel cake
Bishhh you pretty pretty
Guys today has been a manic day for me... Il tell you all about it once I get a breather kept bombarding
I need some braids straight backs
Really just want a blunt & a mojito & to dance
Should I go to tonight or go to sleep early? decisions decisions
idk if matutuwa ako kasi finally i'm officially close to adulting or i'll be sad kasi my mum wants me to be independent na
Domincan Belize beautiful collab
Im so eager to graduate, get a good job, and have a family bruh like so over this college life. ready
i fucking miss my girlfriend alr aahh i want to stay awake and wait for her
Uhh motivation
Yes that too Emotional pain and scissors are a bad mix.
lmao go home to your kid
miss my boo
My heart hurts I vote!!
I turn 21 in 2 months and majority of my friends are still 19 and 20
Haechan makes my heart go boom boom
picked a random manga to read and found your brand ????
But Edmy
same
Never got to finish podcast with Pusha
One episode left and finished have a feeling there be a season 2 either
dis movie theatre got comfy ass red leather seats that lay alll the way back like u in the bed
She knew she was in love after her bfs 6 year old birthday party and saw what her dad bought her as a present
Yeah that jack and those damn mimosas got me done I had to go
Just reminiscing all our good ass memories in Van, WE NEED TO GO BACK LIKE ASAP The bay is depressing af
so hungry right now can someone Uber eats me some food
Idc I still wanna see
So full and still eating
I gotta get this right
I love gays
i wanna send my selfies from yesterday to someone
All of a sudden super tiredT
Wht my fridge look like this week
Lately I feel attacked by Yoongi, especially his fan cam, during See Saw!
fine dw! a show on tv i cry like a baby at but thank u chicken x
I fucking miss my Best Friend soo muchhh she really apart of me
I hate leaving my baby . ready to just be under him 24/7
You do hate to see it
I really hit my head last night....
hungry asf and feel like making no food or heating up no food
How did bey get into this? LoL it's not bey's fault these RNB girls flopping
I got some churros to go
Fedex Hiring That Shit Was tooo Hot Dats Why i Left .
It was Armstrong
i wait until tuesday my nails been done in like 2-3 weeks
Bruhhhhh I just remember screaming at the TV in disbelief of the stupidity
goodnight
Me since birth.
I want a hotdog but that requires me getting out of bed
Same eu fiquei super chocada
I was so pissed when they have these jeans in my size
You gotta go on savagegirlsshaderoom on instagram and just read read read
Lemme wife you up pls
Absolutely hate the power of social media and all the false lifestyles and what it can do to mess with people
I need a strawberry slushy from sonic
How come I never recall these childhood games.
gotten 4 front and back
carry yuh cunny bout calling me a jancrow
Two confused boys actually
My Last Situation Is Jus So Sexy To Me Everybody Think He Ugly cos He Look Foreign I Peeped His IG Story Lastnight Like Man
Hate doing laundry ,
I knew one of was gonna say something I might be a little ratchet and ghetto but dassit
hoping my relationship is just as spicy as
Mango sugar scrub for the win
I still never tried this drink
damn I was getting on twitter to tweet some seen this & went blank I know I said it on sc & fb but my bestie is
Hey! When will we have the remake of Crash Team Racing and Crash Bash?
Even If I Wanted Too
RT Alex143637: omg this is too cute
I need a night out
My cousins had lipstick on and my uncle kept saying, "Susani lento. Angiy'funi lento emzini kababa"
Great D I just need some points
I need a link card. tired of paying cash for food
Anyone wanna go shopping this weekHeze gone mess around and take too long everywhere finna close
someone take me out and love me
Una batida de cookies and cream
I want some sugar cane now
RT Alex143637: omg this is too cute
Momma has been feeding me too good. Ready to hit the gym tomorrow
My body still tired
Hahaha he sure is! take him any day!
Do that to my little boy pussy
my really be wet asf
Them clearly never watch flash flood videos on YouTube stand up there begging the water to take them MOVE
Yoongi Stan culture is wanting to hold hands
Just read a MAGAt tweet:
"He should of got a job."
This man just asked can he be my man on the side
I know a few of getting played like this
We have to save those kids because no one else seems to care
craving everything, including my man
Why did I watch
Watched one episode of the Haunting of Hill House and have had to put the Secret Life of Pets on
I need a friend like this
what telling myself
My nerves are so bad rn
i JUST ate & now hungry again
Come on Dallas
5 AT 9:00 IF YOU GOTTA TICKET DONT EEN TRY IT!
TICKET ONLY
I don't drink near enough to be a fan of this football team. Go
Last time I went to olumo rock with my aunt, I was so freaking scared to do anything now I wanna go there...I'm ready
Baby fever is so real these days
Why do I want seafood rn
When somebody telling me something that I already know but not supposed to know ah playing dead to catch corbeaux alive right now!
Just now tuning in Seems like gone be good
I'm wheezing the percentage
Lol making me sad that I have any more episodes to watch
Nothing more upsetting than putting your alarm back on for work after a week off
That was for the breast cancer walk. I had work after that
Really wish I had a work from home job
Hit my boy up... good w buns
100k
if I have an African wedding I want one me
Yo baby
They say you need to avoid the ones that taste of unwashed udder
I forgot my vibrator at home and now away from home and horny af fuck
Imagine being loved enough to get a spooky basket
I got a customer on the phone who had an account with 11K in it he forgot he even had an account with us
in the same boat been struggling the past two hours simply because I focus
god why am I like this ?!?!?
nah but i need a fit to step out in later that night tho
U two again ffs
How can i be tired from my nap.
I believe PBS aired that
I cope, this is too cute
I probably should never get on a motorcycle again but I miss riding on two wheels
Omg please
*he will make them your bd ..now stuck with a sorry ass nigga in my life for 18 years
I got homework to do and iam too tired to do it
Akdjdgdbakzixihebd !!!!!! Stoked ready to see ya sis
My body aches like fuck from decorating all wknd
Was fun though, the new house is gonna look amazing!
i gotta headache
I am still in awe and have jitters! My best friend asked me to marry him!! I love you Ariel always and forever
I hate it
When your man says, as long as your man, never be broke >>>> I lucked up man.
winston got brent?! they didnt deserve him
drill was actually good today , but im mfn tiedddddd
I wanna do the van life someday it seems so freeing
Someone buy me a ticket to Seoul!!! I want to travel so bad
I really just turned my heater on
Aunty, please do a meet and greet before you leave NYC
trying to be like
I hate folding clothes
Extremely sad.
Want a friend who can come over and we talk shit and play in our hair and make up .
where tf she at ???
Wish I could go with you guys unfortunately 150 miles down the road
let me great
Life 2 Short To Be Holding Grudges 4Give & 4Get
Wtf with myself
thirsty and my phones about to die
salty I put SD like I live here too I ran out of space okay
lmao I even guy a guy to like me
just ready to goooooo
I was checking out my 2012 tweets and I was honestly embarrassing . But yeah we keep growing
Harry Potter is on this weekend just better
pick .... but this three power,suits,riverdale
Special teams and missed tackles
I didnt even recognize you never met you in person but i hella recognized that bathroom lmaoo
Come to MN! had a 5 year drought when it comes to anything BB.
I hate that I suffer from sleep paralysis soo much
yall quoting this saying i have to go I will lsjskjsksksk
I miss stink and I just seen him yesterday
full asf ..but damn I want some ice cream
excited asf too cause Kevin & I have a rlly cute couple costume
Little things in life make me happy, like the thoughtfulness behind things will make me so happy.
beyond tired and sore but i still figured out dinner ughhhh
i love you king
Told this dude I was painting and now he thinks I'm an artist
so freakin excited! trying to keep it a secret!
It really is
Watching and a spider appears in my room!
Omg that was me last night in the movies
Lmao so adorable
subject us to awful bar talk when we lose the way we did today. I have no come backs
Well disappointing
I legit have a big head
Finished ATypical and now sad I love Sam! I hope another season is coming
addicted to Bonchon
i had a good good home cooked meal in forever
I just want to go to another Halloween party only gone to one and my dumb ass forgot to take pictures
Got to take my braids out and high key hurt abt it
i wanna see so many ppl still but got so little time
Some of the finest men go to CCU
finally home
I want to see Drake live in concert
I want face tats
Of course. I forgot. There is money to be made.
No no not you just the way streaming works they make it so complicated
lost my mommy medicine
I NEEEEEDSSSS THIS TYPA ENERGY
I need to pee. But Pueo is on my chest and David is pressed against me.
And 11am. Why are we still in bed
In Korean, smile means and angry means .
I have so much homework to do but I have to work till 11 pm
I want to play blackjack but when the dealer right you know not to sit down
No one understands when I say this but deadass
We both Been working a lot i wait til Tuesday
YAYRA PLEASE honestly coming from you? my ego is gonna be too big tonight
I am addicted to Asos.
& stop spending
wahhh i lost my glitter pen and i have no idea where in the house it could be
I want some poppers
i hate how much this slaps
cheesy little fucker
Can I just skip chemistry and study anatomy already
Still living it up. baby free moments of the weekend. We miss our Gracie tho!
I want some chitterlings with a lot of hot sauce
Struggling actors are more rude than the big names.
This girl got mad cuz I know everything about how to
miss waking up to you in the morning and sleeping with at night
I miss my hair but I wanna do my hair
skip this entire week and let It be Saturday already
We leave to Cali in 4 days
wanna go out to eat
Oh hell noooo
Ughhhh I miss my boy Vladimir This guys has legit been my friend since the 4th grade , how many people get to
guess get up and wash and finish cleaning even doe I feel good
, 8 Weeks & Going Horrible
wow just steal content
Update: I have did you like that baby ima lil dummy I took you back
Broooo let me tell y'all how much I love and appreciate Kyle idk wtf I'd do w/o him man
Damn I have to go to the store and get honey
When you shaved your head and forgot to put on grease after washing your scalp My wig already on and secured. My head is gonna ITCH
- back to work tomar I be tired
Oh no! That means I need to start my Christmas shopping!
For my birthday instead of a cake, can someone make me some fried Oreos PLEASE
Had to do it to em
Mario Lopez will always be my celebrity Crush & the fact that he likes my comments makes me so happy
Never had juicy crab
Mans was a whole ass mess, like honestly
I hate moving. I just wanna leave behind everything left
loooking at other men
that would be hella cute
Yo I take it anymore . Someone get me pregnant tonight I need a baby
never missed someone so much like i do now i wish my girl was here .
All the time
Ma non ce veramente
My team lost also this weekend
Birthday weekend & then holiday.. hope the week goes fast
i want a salted caramel
I really see myself in anything except an SUV how else will I carry my life around
Rewatching this gif 4L
It really does
Lord if you fwm Please let my boss find me a cover
Wish I took a pic of my outfit yesterday but it was a crazy Saturday.
My client just sent me a pic of her meal prepping for the first time. I want to cry!!
What ever it is? The Democrats sure as hell using it
Then cruise Washington boulevard with a ton of people
I feel you girl sure my vag has cobwebs now
wait to get my hair done Wednesday
Awwww mannnn, speeding penalty
Every time I ask my to help me out with house chores he thinks the end of the world.
I really hope i can do this omg
Saw and last night. Can i relive it again please
and baby never find any words that can explain, just how much my heart, my life, my soul chaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaanged
I think got to say this is one of my favourite moments of Big Bang season 11 This friendship needs to be
Hey guys! my first day outta the womb
people who notice how genuinely happy i am just from my laugh, means so much
Right, some beautiful lil girls tho
Yo quiero
You can only read that with a black mans voice in ye head
Desperately miss my beard looking decent
I look 15 again
Can it be 6 already so I can go home & sleep the whole night away
Naaah bought that account the tweets make sense
Some girls sooooo Fineeeeee they even need Makeup
down the stairs, i was there, i remember it all too well.
My heart hurts and I hate the fact that I fake it
Prayers for guttah keep fighting man
i really want pumpkin seeds
Its a weird age girl
omfg goals, love a power couple
YESSSSS BUT I NEED TO FINISH AC ODYSSEY
Got so mad I hurt my hand
I think its time I leave GA again
*update - not only did they make us sweat, they lost the fuc......nvrmind
homecoming was fun af
I wish I could hit the lottery shit
me to smoke one for me lol
Wassup with all these Atlanta niggas in Childrens Clothes..
I hate giving my stuff away but I have to
Whew chile
why do people care so much if other people pour the milk before the cereal how much more of that do i have to suffer through on my tl
Sis u kno wah dem seh bout dat?
name please
I was supposed to submit a 900 page essay today and now I
My husband told me that my simself looks exactly like me and we are hours trying to make his simself to resemble more him but we
Damn with 5 mins to go of my journey I had to pay FUCKKKK
Me af! Hate being the center of attention
Daniel takes such amazing care of me nothing but blessed
I need to start braiding December hair
I miss not having to pay for my hair, nails, or food
Im procrastinating so hard right now
Her cakes acc look so amazing, can she ship to Australia
using sex as revenge gets your pregnant
Monday comes too fast
ps wrong person went
this is us ugh literal comedians
Steak n shake sounds soooo good rn
This girl I went to high school with is on her second wedding. The first one was in 2014. Idk what be going through
Flawless skin
Gotta study for a math quiz I don't even know how to do
yes plsss
I just want some extra money coming in
I was just thinking this
Accidentally ordered Chinese. going on
to go back to fort co today or to stay an extra day
Glad you asked Peep my bio sweetheart
Me to after buying lunch
Really wanna go hideout next year
Ultimate is too easy man
Yallll her little get lit dance when it started
I have yawned so hard tears have fallen out of my eyes.
I know how people do long distance relationships, Sam only left today for a week away with work and I feel a bit lost
i need more memes like that what app you used to make this?
mfs think just because they eating your pussy they finna fuck to like nah baby not this time
why do I always crave chick-fil-A on
I need to flat iron my hair but soooo thick
even understand how excited i am to dress up in my costume for supernatural
i want some snacks
ahh thanks
EU TO CERTA E A MINHA OPNIAO IMPORTA
American Horror story
I think everybody do after turning up like that
Once I hit my goal wait I think I
DESERVE
the investment
Missing so bad , please come home
Boy would hate my sense of humor
just paid 150 for some socks & i probably be wearing them no time soon
she got my head hurting so bad
This food smell so bomb!! ready to eat
WoW l love Thunder Thighs and big curvy Girls! an addiction Developed! And Terminal Now!
i got like 5 different alarms cause if i ; aint no getting up
Where is playing at I wanna come
Off the grid always get me every Sunday
I was supposed to submit my 900 word essay today but now I because of my stupid (not really) computer.
I def fucking with no more. She the reason I feel like this I was doing fine in my bed
Oh wow
It really be your own tweets huh
Thought of having to drive down to Dundee and back tomorrow just for a half an hour meeting is not appealing
What he do?
Brunch sounds good right about now
I wish we could stop the downward spiralling!
help me please
Lord just please bless me to make the moves striving for
Dating an introvert could be kind of to chill and almost boring dating another extrovert is lit because
omg only the tea but fuuuck porch of geese sounds hotter
my wife *
I hardly ever drink soda but Coke Zero is my favorite
or Golden Corral!!
thank the lord my train is running 5 mins late bc i fully sat down on it, AFTER RUNNING THRU EUSTON, just as it should have been leaving
why are you do beautiful
My coworker and I talking about this weather and our hair we win lol
Miss this day so muchhh December 18th 2017
Been spending sm money lately
I really loved this song growing up
Real life debating whether I wanna walk out my room cause I fucked up my eyebrows
i want an english bulldog so bad
This mf weight has to go
Not my favorite place
I hate when boys shoot there shot & im legit awkward asf with them
Jesus Christ, clear as day
Young bleu is everything
a beautiful day to go on a picnic date
And hongey
so ready to get my lashes filled in this week they look bad
No tree in my brain?
Omg I need mine testing ASAP
I miss my babe alreadyyyy
the worst
I just want my whole family to spend Thanksgiving in Gatlinburg in a huge cabin
I need to experience this omg
Why am I doing this to myself
You help me to go on a mission
Family too! I just wanna cut everybody off
Wow getting free cosmetic gratis is the best
send this to other thots you will get NO DICK this COCKTOBER
i wanna go to another cs event
We all were
I gotta read a whole ass book for tomorrow ugh we stan English! Anyways
i cannot wait to not do a thing tomorrow. i havent stopped in days, exhausted is an understatement
how I stopped writing that movie... page 57 or so LORD HELP ME FOCUS.
Oh I wait.
I wish someone was driving to Minnesota with me
rather just be alone all that shit b a headache.
So nasty ass spat on why he was getting a finger to the face good because
I hate feeling like this bro I feel so weak, dizzy, keep any food down, head aching
You guys need Jesus
I need to get back in the gym
I would love to be watching football right now
I never get good pictures bc the photographer
And even fresh fish
My God you are so good
Jin: hungry
Me:
Although I do have to write a 3000 word essay tomorrow so I feel that smug
did that with between & haunting of hill house both shows had me glued
Mood
Dead ass good one
My head hurts
randomly craving that lil korean spot that & took me to when I was in california
get a couple sweaters this week
It feel soo good outside
This is too much pressure I can't decide UR CUTE EITHER WAY BBG
Hell Yeeaaahhh Hoe Life, Or No Life
You know your shit im hella cheap i just do baking soda but epson salt is the mvp for sure
my cancer venus had me grabbing napkins for him at every meal
I need movie suggestions
, I Want A Boy So Bad & I Stg You Lucky Asf I Throw Up Literally Everything I Eat So Annoying!
like soon as I get my hair done I want it done again
Mannnn the cute shit.
Gia feeding the Nicki stans
Not my weekend in Dreux!
Technical problems, punctures and contact during the qualifiers meant my fight
Day two in my bed and no signs of improvement
when u go support your friends group, gig.....but have no dance partner .......
Im making an edit
How was brunch
At the beginning of the year I prayed for 4 boyfriends. know God would take me seriously . God if reading this I was joking
back from soccer. exhausted
Why does my dad know so many people named bill
Caleb just walked in the house & said I said what ? He said look my baby brother
I wish I could inject a cigarette into my arm or something. Popping outside is kinda long
My shaky ass hand let me get a good pic with mine
I get to open all my presents tomorrow! She's too cute!
All part of this magical journey
Your Traveling Life Is Goals Trying To Experience New Places ,Things & Food
I know family and friends Gon be good
Small alcohol & my hormones will start doing anyhow
oh fuck yes
tough life
Who gives up a 17 point lead smh my damn eagles
Craving some fried plantains
I need someone to go to a haunted house with me ASAP
You telling you love me but I know you
just been watching his videos but how do I block all the ones with reptiles having a bitch scared
Can somebody love me PLEASE !
Stay away from bw drama Zaynab! Your university drama is ENOUGH!
Awwww yaz I just wanna cuddle her
Nah not yet fam
I need soooo many new boots & shoes but I wanna spend my own money
just 2 days to go. i can do that!! actually, i know i but YA SEE, I AINT GOT THAT MUCH OF A CHOICE
dawg i really just woke up
Sciatica you dick
He had me like
i need to hit the gym
Minchia che gufata
If they'd change a few lyrics then it'd a be a bop
glad i caught it circle K by churches hunny , cause knowing them tomorrow be back to $2.69
Omg yes. so sexy
I have so many clothes to unpack crazy
Yes! I always want to attend several that are happening at the same time
I actually feel bad for her. Those people in her comments are brutal
The weekend goes so quick
when you have kids especially a daughter you keep trying to change a nigga or be dumb in front of them.
capp, we finna see then
Back to reality tomorrow
The thought of work tomorrow
But Ezra is a beautiful name his real real name was Kim DongDong, Ezra is better
She is SO fit, it's actually ridiculous
Fumble?? If it ain't bad luck we'd have no luck at all.
been emotional all day & idk why
Wish people would stop forcing ponytails in their kids hairs a sight lol soz
I love her with all my heart I gave you all I had left of me it juss good enough for you my love for
Totally missing we need him back ASAP !!!
Finding something to wear to my baby shower is going to stress me out too freaking big
Why stuff like this happen to me! I need someone to run me a check too!
i badly want to print photos because the pics r so my instax isnt cooperating
they was rlly fighting at that game
been waiting for this game all week.
the video of that running African duck??
I need something real good to eat
and continued to use his credit card
Bae out there in TN already making me proud & ish
DM that number
biiitch wtf so cute!
I need my friends to cheer me up
I really want sum canes right now
Literally sucks so much! I neeed my bitch back
one from gorgeous but sooo expensive what one did you get babe??
freebie
& Disney World
Do you know any urban legends? If so, tell us about it! Noo w ma badee a3reff! Ma bade rawbes fiyoonn
Why. Am. I. So. Hungry?
been so focused on writing skeleton arguments, that become completely blank on how to write opinions now
so ready to see the hate you give
I need you to make these in sizes to fit women my size
When too liberal for conservatives but too conservative for liberals
Really want some shrimp Alfredo
Damn me & my friends in Houston did a whole lot last year
Yes I was in the middle of it I can't vibe like this man
indescribably hot and you make me so weak Aww thank you
I want to go JA in April....I miss home
too paranoid for that
Ready to get to that point where I have to edit my video soooo much Lawd I be effn up
Finally paid for my classes .! ready for next week
I hope my lashes come in this week
Broke down and turned my heat on left the windows open last nite
tbh I think you fine asf hml Thankssss (:
Can someone take me to Disney land for Christmas please
Sis mail?? Please lol
I wanna go to powerhouse i have no one to go with
I wanna gonto that new daiquiri place man I wait to get a car
I want some rotel or something chile. Let me eat these ribs.
Lord what are you trying to tell me
Some days i still believe my grandfather passed away i would give anything to have him back especially
I need a few long weekends in my life
tHE SPAM IS UNREAL i had to turn my photo tagging off because of it
So over reading this pathology book i wish i knew all diseases and disorders off the top of my head
wish I would be tatted like this
Too much caffeine and lack of sleep
I feel like poop I need a bath, 5 cups of tea, all the junk food, and movies.
I miss the good old days
Where are you?! We had to celebrate your birthday here without you Can you throw us a
Wish I could teleport
catching up on good sleep shit feel amazin
Fr they both came for me whole time they wasnt ready for my lil booty no way
Craving hot wings
Exactly 1 month no night life of acads, i miss you Central Lipa
One of my favorite positions
Well that sounds like a you problem
Now I wanna suck something ugh
hard to believe how bad the offense can be... you be bad every game!!
trying to RELATE
tom:
me: direct hit
My skin is loving this weather
Butterfly Effect-Travis Scott makes me want to do 120 mph
Just love it when a replacement strap from breaks again like your first one.
all i wanna do rn is be in ninth grade again and watch adventure time with squad
I miss Maplewood Walmart I gotta go HOMEEEEE!
Biggest fear wallahi
Omgsh
Back to the money tomorrow though
Im coming there next weekend i miss u too sis
so tired of resetting my laptop . wait to get a new one next week
i wanna post my pictures from last night, but working posting them on my IG story on my lunch break.
bag packed , now i gotta pack mines
Your bestfriend just became your step mom .... wyd ?
I wish someone loved me enough to buy me a puppy
I want me a her
I thought losing weight was hard but gaining? Now that shit harddddd
nah I rly need to stop taking everywhere like a bastard I spend more on them in a week than a monthly bus pass costs
before I sent that tweet I knew you were going to think that at first bih weak
Tony said, yeah... a
So so tired and got a day of travelling and a concert tomorrow how am I gonna cope
you're in this btw
Girl yes. I really have to tell myself to chill before I respond
Oh, somehow
I wish I could do my own makeup for Halloween
Queens birthday video was by far my favorite video Iv watched it like 3 times & I just love how Clarence treats her
Tou a sentir me exposta
What have i donekhkj
Thursday come fast enough
Uber is so much better in Toronto lmao goddamn
You they get you fat but lie and tell you that you gained weight
Wow why she gotta be anonymous though
The most rushed feeling..
can we just skip to the part where i find the person im post to spend the rest of my life with
Stop please
My baby sister and I.. only 14 .. she used to play kitchen and force me to her plastic
NEVERMIND. Lol I would never ... people are weird and snap me either
My back hurts
my scalp itching so bad
I can teach you all the sounds of love
Is it too late to back out
That air fryer works great
genuinely scared to go to sleep
Food and you
ready to go to bed
My freaking wifi just blown, now I have to use my data.
I cannot wait for this food yo get done
Stop no way! I will lose my shit if this turns to be true
to bad i have no bestie to do shit like this with
ughhh i keep throwing my voice out at shows never gonna be able to get it back
Glad I waste my time or gas
Please famz her now ohhh before too late new fans are always welcome, never too late
going a little too good
bring me one too!
Give me terrible heartburn
How did she do that??? With that poor light on stage? jealous!
so mad I left my phone in her car
Food poisoning is a bitch! My stomach is just too sensitive I eat steak and now, I eat anything
Exhausted
This is so so so bad
I miss my daughter tho like crazy
These pants a cheat code
he has a Daniel Caesar vibe ... please tell me you at least know who that is
Craving flancocho
not ever live tweeting during my Eagles games again
Working behind a bar is the worst my whole weekend has literally been took by serving mashed people and shit crack
Sing it to me
Not my weekend in Dreux!
Technical problems, punctures and contact during the qualifiers meant my fight
my baby
Seriously wish you could be here too Patti
Buffalo chicken wrap from colonial sounds too good rn
I hate when my man works weekends okay though cause I get Monday & Tuesday with him
Bitch the girl in red tho, she fighting anyone of my homegirls we jumpin forsurree
I want some REALLY good tacos right now
Well who dry
Niggas so heartless i felt that in my mf stomach
This girl is turning 2 growing up to fast
Is it possible to watch green mile without crying
just tryna go to a Cardi B concert. love her.
wait to see next month
V v sad that Shaye even here on Half term week so canny come to the studios with me if no one else can
This that cuffed up weather and I got not one bae
Had two glasses of prosecco today and genuinely felt drunk.
my name wear it out
Need a new pallet
Black women are so freaking beautiful man
Wonderful life is making me even more excited to see can november 23rd hurry up
I been tired cause I get any rest at night
I honestly feel so sorry for all he does is attract annoying girlfriends. First Dani now
All I can think about is dinner
Crap!!! If they put Cooper Rush in we are beyond screwed
One day I'll go out and not break or lose an earring
David beckham is in Sydney
I am so sorry voor such a great driver and guy!
WAIT i just realised one of my icons is binnie in a turtleneck and the other is binnie with a bandaid my two fave things
even see it from the south stand best bit of the game I missed then
Work all week and I have hella work to finish. Lord be with me
I thought you were a blessing but I guess not
daily men are trash tweet
My heart would melttt
On my way for a family dinner party but all I can think about is I wanna go back and binge the
I know lol I stop watching it now I have nothing to binge
so hopefully i can watching walking dead now
Can this headache go away already?!
son me please
stilll scared
Hahaha I feel like that 10 mins after eating every time
CHILE.
I'd definitely would have been an hypocritical ass, respectability shaming, pick me.
Crusty bread and Lurpak butter
Hair appointment tomorrow FINALLY.
When do you dirty and say SWAT will be on at 10pm but then show it at 9:30pm
My tire looks like about to tear apart and my dad fine... why are Mexican dads like this
Between school and sports starting and taking on this role at work idk when have time to sleep the next few months
I believe the way fallen off gym man. At all. I was elite and nobody believes me
yes it is. i have booty but ion have rhythm. not all blessed
ALL DIS DRIP ON ME, GOTTA KEEP A EXTRA CLIP ON ME
I couldn't cry alone
In Korean, smile means and angry means .
take back the love that I gave you
screw ottie, get married
Everyone needs to stop posting their babies cause not ready.
My friend called me out for writing work code on a Saturday, felt mad guilty for it.
Q fome
Awww so cute
why does he look so attractive to me in this look even though he is supposed to look worn down and average ...
trying to read modern fairytale only one person
still dwelling on being 3 numbers short from Lotto Max ... could of been half a million richer
The Hate you give has a great message but is so corny like almost painful and awkward to watch
Fuck dilating my eyes be in the back of my head
so sad I had a dream that we were besties but sadly you know that I exist
No, but really
The cutest
look who's being lazy again
I love you guys so much
cleaning cleaning today
believe that was my last shift at work after being there for almost 5 years but onto new beginnings
I be like okay words are gifts for my heart thank you
Man I just love his creativeness is just so different from everyone else out here. In love with sicko mode visuals
guilty. But a habit that dates back to my GTI days
The cuts their performance of Woman Like Me and Touch
Craving some sushi
why does he look so attractive to me in this look even though he is supposed to look worn down and average here ...
Lol from last night now a hit to ya
lol the one time I ditch my sister she sees William H Macy same place she is lmao why
a SIMP for you & I care
Hold up I was kidding now imma have to beat you frfr we never discussed you smoking cigs
Really not trying to wake up by 6 am every morning omggggggg
The weather is beautiful today air smelling like a new nigga coming my way.
THATS SO DHSJDJSNS BEAUTIFUL
i've known some white people who make dry spaghetti
lol yb really my man obsessed literally
believe only four more weeks of the NASCAR season left after today.
I wanna go skating or too the movies today, done turning up
sad we get no emichelle content tomorrow I miss the good times same but sure get some
i wish today was wednesday already
Gabe wrote me one and it was and is still the sweetest thing ever
Lemon and honey hot drink
Had too much fun with my friend yesterday and now in bed paying for it
See how American Twitter just turned on brother nature
Becoming our specialty!
Greenleaf is so good. Skipping out on watching this was a big mistake
the eight-mile implies running 8+ miles stop making the rest of us feel bad
Fried chicken and Mac n cheese
Show me where I asked
this man fine as a mf
FUCK. that would be a perfect interception
Might go into work on my day off tm
my stomach hurt
Took me out
I mean she came over before I cooked it so going to tell her to hang around incase hahaha! She already ate too
know how ima make it outta here mf clean
but have u ever felt homesick for a person.
exo really coming for us this time huh??
I just watched a dearra and ken video sooo now I want to go to the bahamas and swim w. pigs for my birthday
I Be Having Nobody To Go With ...Trust Me , Scared Too But If Really Trying To
Getting called 'mama' does something to me I can't explain it
glass of sangria in
cobalt family interactions please, mere grains of crumbs begging
can someone please tell me how they take flash photos without their eyes being red cause always had red eyes in photos
You guys.. wtf am I gonna do with 2 dozen cupcakes?
Trying to get him to go to bed. 11 p.m
I love coming over my daddy house he always got something to eat
Damn tired asf
I be forgetting you hit up the plug during football Sunday
I just wanna lay in bed and cuddle
The boys are back to their SK time zone hard to keep up now about to wake up and be going to sleep
Why am I like this
You ever just wanna take care of heart
sewww tired
all i want rn is my man
that retrograde talking
Me too babe me too
My tire looks like it wants to tear apart lowkey but my dad says fine. Why are Mexican dads like this?
Damn! Really? Lmao! I hope no one digs up my old tweets.
Must be nice
I wanna order these air maxes but I need to just save like I been doing
I Need Some Cat
I want to do bad things with you Too bad for you, a good girl.
Slide in my DMs with good costume ideas please. I need to find one soon
Wish rye would kiss me
I hate when I see a round about on my gps bc Idk how to use them so I wing it
Been waiting my whole life
Now?
Furniture shopping has me hype
hungry bring me food
Just bought costume going to love it.
It takes me like two days if I want it to come out nice
She was awful
corinthians
so ready to move off campus ... I really hate the dorm life
lmfao are u serious sweetttyy, do thang postin all this drama all ovaaaa yo socials just for the
yeah I see sending him good vibes, hopefully he keeps his course load reasonable
Why can he say nigga? Dominicans dont even fw the black ppl they have in their country
Rapline destroying my bias list
PS. If you want to see more of the in Berlin D2 you can
so glad never needed braces I handle them lmao
Nothing better than a night chucking up
tired from taking medicines
Thats like sayin Antidote the best song off Rodeo
My baby never fails to surprise me oil change and car detail grateful
How I wish I had the nerve to say this to certain people in my life.
Ok for real this time. No more wild nights my body can NOT handle it
Wish I had both
kill us all with the damn slick look as if the curls it already
I hate
I miss my baby
How can I have such a tiny body frame yet carrying such a big baby fml
Me everyday
My search for caramel protein drink continues. 3 stores later and been sold out everywhere
I lowkey want a paisa boyfriend again
Not leaving back out the house today
Top tip - flout the rule when you see live - we nearly lost our encore at this evening
Someone else jealous rn? I want a Ryan Kiss too!!
MF even my bf yet (dont even get me started) but man surprised by how overwhelming it can sometimes
Gonna be one of those games
apenas
my momma birthday & they fina eat without me I gotta get me a damn car soon
"why you block me on IG? You was helpin a g" you ain't no fuckin g 1st of all, you a corny fanboy nigga who
My heart melted!
im not tired but a little stressed cuz I'm applying for college
Session 32 I fell in love. I was expecting more frlm her though on the tape.
I want Mexican food
Same I kept looking out the window praying for 8pm to come along all I could think about was a
this is prolly how ill announce that ready to be taken out the game
Valentino Donna is defs on my wish list
Really do the best thing
I really want to have another baby like today! but my sisters wedding is next year and her MOH, so basically i cant be pregnant lol
I need pt. 18
I do not fit in morning or mid shifts, miss my night owls
i have to do hw and i want to update my au but so tired that four-hour drive back home drained me
inspiration HES THE CUTEST
no way I was going outside for the game today. I sit in anything under 55
I wanted to see how far i could go w/ out calling you & i barely made it outta my garage
ok, ready to add on my back tattoo but so excited i know where to start.
Really Tony stop sounding like you want Dak out
I got some wine calling my name
I just worked over 50 hours this week plus my classes. Someone help
just arrived home and I already miss Paris
Like the rest of us, wait till feb
If anyone wants to move in with me lmkkk about to be lonely as hell living in this two bedroom by my damn self
so damn tired of my god at least this is the last week for my 10 week course
moms birthdaaaay imiss her , December need to hurry
Apenas
I just want to be cuddled up
'Please, Sir, can we have NO MORE'..?
Fucking same here big fella. Fish mice & double pipe
Damn that pickled egg was good
Not having naps during the day really affects me! lmao
ya girl need to fucking rest!!
A todos menos a mi
Awww yep
you gotta rub the click & play with her nipples too
I love my girls that be getting the dance floor lit my type of ppl lol
Deadass fell down the stairs this morning and twisted my ankle
Someone needs to carry me to my car
eating it later and gone be soooo good
actually dying to find out the ace name
This pain in my chest
such an art enthusiast I love him
Idk of it will look nice on me but I saw this girl on YouTube have it and it looked real cute
I try to make the people around me feel as appreciated/loved as much as possible. also here for them pursuing/ achieving great things.
Shits annoying
i stay in the nail shopppp
its gory. im watching that one on netflix but there was the new one that had came out this yr so im tryna find that one now
this cough it needs to do one
Save me some
Right smh these bitches need to cancel themselves
just now getting out of bed
They need to bring 7th Heaven to
i still can't believe nolan got me a whole cruise for my birthday. is it may yet??
always wanted to do a vlog channel for all the concerts I go to but I hate being in front of the camera
home safe thank you
my diamond
awnnnnnnn i love you toooooo
Twitter dando uns bugs
I have so much shit to do today, but idk where to start
The haunting of Hill House is soooo scary BUT so good
lazy hopefully they can do it over the phone.
Honestly
his little mochi wave
I love swerving through traffic to good music most definitely been swerving too hard lately
feel bad. Pizza rolls & fries this way
Can I just fast forward to next weekend
I honestly remember this picture being posted like it happened this morning ugh
I just want to understand
I wish you had it in Manchester
The tossing and the turning. Either I find my spot, or I got a lot on my mind. Plus my darn dogs shut it.
Braids & pretty Strands hair oil really got my hair growing. I need a trim tho
I need new excitement in my life
We are not that blessed sis
So, season 3 was fantastic, fingers crossed it doesn't cancelled along with the cancellations of and
Exactly
Stomach on fucking 10!!
I just wanna go to the movies all day
when you wake up an hour earlier than your alarm
I got rid of a headache and hours later back
oh, bitch, we can only dream
I got a headache
A year lol . Plus it really depends man I want nobody in jail
i love this sm
My glow up
Wow I really do miss my son so much
i do
I wanna do a doggy date in the park today look at this guy we need some love and attention someone come with us
What did brother nature do?
So Pure
Hate when got a cold crying so much so tired
Aaahhhh, this right here
Glad the dodgers got this guy out of the postseason
Wow but people who snore. Sounds like a failing motor. Can't even read in peace.
Out here on the explore page
Summer did something with that Session 32. Gotta play it 2-3x cause just that good.
I need this in my life again been way too long
Imagine having to explain this to your parents the next day
Working 10 days straight is gonna be hard
Bitches need to cancel those edges
Nah.. But Really Gone KILL When I Fckk Again
it even been a couple hours
Chimichanga so proud of what done these past years. A whole 11 years known you grown so much
gets me fuming absolutely no need for it!
I still watch. too soon for me.
I agree more!
This poor wannabe on a is wearing a Rolex
I wait to move. so over Georgia!
Hate sharing my son
I wanna be on some shit with my bitch too
I have no clue what's going on man
You guys should be banned from using instagram because of accounts like quadrant and beterbemis
Good thing I did those assignments before work because once I get off going to sleep I already know lol
She's a pure BITCH. Bet they have a burn book full of pictures of girls that they hate. Regina George aka amber
countdown starts next month coming home
When the only person you talk to is taking forever to respond it makes the day go by so much slower
All work and zero play makes me dull. And exhausted
When will I ever be able to wear fake eyelashes?
is so underrated
me affff omg Jac was killling meeeee
We do that when celebrities come
Embarrassed fan base
Especially on food
Can you find out for me
Trust the countless group chats and planning process is bare stressful
North Dekalb is so much better than South Dekalb
Out here on the explore page
Like, I chopped off my shoulder length relaxer, watchng too many YouTube vids and I wish I hadn't
Kye is really about to have her Ls soon....bitch getting old
My brother at the game
i want some more cinnamon rolls
Cramping like shit at work ready to go home
Honestly know how people can keep up with texting anymore. I find it so difficult
I love that country shit
how I was feeling
It feels good to just lay in bed & not have todo anything
I just want to shop
NOOOOO
Let me know
I give the hot chips up
Idk but one of my goals when I go back to Ph is to really achieve the morena skin tone such a golden look huhuhu
sooo tired
I want the blue iPhone xr so bad
A tho ?
best thing that popped up on my amazon since I upgraded
Ugh that hit
super bored Iont be knowing what to do wit myself
already gone
look at her surname.
man i want some ! wish they had one out here
I'm so sleepy and full off Uncle Sam's
just trynna get my money and stay out the way
So... my go post from FOREVER ago just now wanted to post. Maybe if posted on time they would have won.
Yall making real depressing, Niners
For bitches to not have no pressure over a nigga, all yall talk about new topic this MONTH, SUH.
Lmao I was bout to
Been cleaning and doing laundry all day tired
Love these so much
I wish she let me
Old people are sooo rude!
Lawd I lost 30 pounds
My worst moments thinking of entering another Monday
jeepers creepers really did a number shit had me scared for 3 years
Bruh we suck
same
Idk why I love being called baby girl
I need a foot rub after today
The Haunting of Hill House is so interesting but so creepy
My leg is in so much pain
Need to start this soon!
why is this me
I just wanna sleep all day
why he ever just not take my breath away
Me rn
Brother Nature is still my dude. We all did/said stupid and ignorant things at 13/14. Can we all just move on
about to hop in the shower before I'm late.
I Want Him To Get His First Shape Up , But I Want Anybody To Mess Up His Hair Line So Light Who Told
Help me cook a girlfriend
locked in the garage
brendan & I got these to match him
risk it homie! You love your wife
Thank you. I hope so
*hugs back"
Theo is my favorite. But I love them all as kids
Not At All, Its Skinny Jawns Thats Out Here Nailing Niggas To The Cross
I miss The Wire
Hard same
3 hours of sleep.
Ready to get off to this Sunday Dinner
so cute when he said me gustan de when a man talks about knowing your culture
so good
3 hours of sleep
I like anything about free skate sorry
i cant wait for you two to have babies either
Ughhhhhhhhhhh I just want to finish my record!!!
Now I know why I love thugger so much
Nikki Bella tweeting better promos than Paul Heyman wrote for Ronda needs to be investigated.
Need a sitcom to watch. Tired of feeling on edge from watching dark dramas
see this beautiful flower
Still in awe of how these products turned out
will my ass ever get on a plane I have no idea
Phone is soo smashed
this what i think i wanna cook
I have one but not helping
I want a dude that like to eat and gone feed me gone truth the favor fr
This Cuban food better be fire
but is your sister this fineeeee
AND WE DONT HAVE BUTTER
Amtrak closed their tracks from Irvine to SD and all 15+ Greyhound buses are runnin 1-2 hrs late
Looordt, keep me sane
wait to get my eyelashes done this week again, av got them in an absolute state
Vicks Ibuprofen a humidier ... helping how do I get my baby feeling better
of
I want to go on a date
I'm not mocking you your brain is galaxy sized
Why do babies grow up so fast ?
Bacon definitely goes on pizza
Every day I wake up my bonnet be under me hair all over the place, but I go to sleep with the shit on my head nice and neat
Boston Sports right now are just killing it
I want to see Halloween tempted to dip and see it solo
I gained like 28 pounds I wouldn't know what to do if I didn't lose all that extra weight
Sugar daddy that would just be giving me money and expect nothing from me
I want
once I started dubbing my ex I became this fat uglt bitch LMFAO tss thanks for letting me know your real feelings pa
A Haunting At Hill House was a good ass show I did not want it to end
can't relate I'm not indian
yoU made me scream oH my gOD thank youuuuuu
Saammmeeeeee. Dunno how people make them look so effortless I want to be sexy some
and i still don't kno what the move is
Noodles are for heathens don't me.
This trampoline park gone have everybody ready go to bed at 7 and getting to old for this shit lol
Love it when people think blasian
i wish i could see you
Oh my life I just balled my eyes out
my brain is fried
I done turned the heat on in my apt
dutch sounds so fckin bomb
Where person wan get soft bread tomorrow morning??
remember me when you're famous
I wanna develop a recognizable art style.
But it's been like 3 years and no dice yet
I hate my iPhone battery so much. Ughhhhh
But, Ange cute!
someone plz make me get out of bed
I really wish I was less crazy at the time when I was dealing with one dude he was a goodun.
by Villain slaps so hard
I would have never imagined my life this way but I promise only get better
Dred
really just tryna do some hoodrat shit with my friends on Halloween but i close boorito at work
trying to take trips with my kids and make memories
Can we skip to harmattan already, this heat is too mush
So happy to have this boy. Shiny metagross is one of the best shinies. I love it so much
and I sure as hell paying for a hotel
I want to love you already
I need to play the demo soon
Oh how going to miss days out and snuggly mornings in bed with my baby girl as of next month time flies by
Omg my cousins got the best family costume EVER! dying
Girl I just threw some roast beef in the crockpot, cabbage in the pot, and rice in the rice cooker
this roast battle programme is completely ruthless! I cope
Lmao every time
Lmao actually true omg I even think of that
bro dying my nigga Blaine on the right
I miss my boyfriend & I been with him all weekend!
I agree more !!
Really
Why is it so hard to fall asleep after subuh ni. I need more sleep
Another week, another week of exams god I hate the quarter system
who the fair
Is there a way to leave a group chat without it saying ___ has left the chat?? the introvert in me is sick of this crap
I miss my siblings yazi. genuinely made to be the baby and not complaining
I just be minding my business and tryna keep this weight off
This is my mood rn
I know I thought it would be later for church let out
shut up right now. NFL Sunday belongs to Nikki Bella.
That man got a family
Wahhh we missed you
Surely canny be Monday the morra
Yep. really on us to shoot it now
knowing you so emotional but continue to enjoy it .. thank Mrs. Cavallo for everything you know so far
Thank god they
wish i was one of those naturally pretty girls
I need me a lightskin like Lex Scott Davis
6 more states.
I just saw the softesh adashi and tenderr it was Shiro losing his virginity to Adam and it was so sweeeet.
Joined
And Jurassic world not on amazon prime watched the first three movies for the first time ever on prime and it was pretty good.
The struggle
I want that Sunday meal but I swear I feel like driving
...aye, the places we have to go to please our dog
hard being a Chicago sports fan
Straight
Retail my shit. I wait until I graduate
Officially done with half of my classes
Inter scored 90th minute man this is really sucks
facts but then again how long has it been since we went moving all the rocks in our backyards to find them....
just waiting for January nna
Hope not what thinking
Stomach pains
all I do is listen to album like 3 or 4 times a day every single song
Surely it canny be Monday tomorrow
goodmorning
Someone buy me pizza and lemme pay you back on Wednesday
All these babies in my bed
Proper craving rn but gotta be up for gym at 6
I wanna unfollow this girl but she looks so good blesses my TL every time she posts pictures on here. I just take the corny tho
I wanna cook and know what to cook
I accidentally filled my gas tank up
i've only been asleep for 5 hours
mad asf, i gotta go home this weekend
Why David Johnson just run like my son Luke
Buh hard for me .. I know how to get my mind from not thinking about it
that was a good ass nap
I need to go sign up to a gym but I keep pushing it back
del temblor
Literally had to choose an extra hour of sleep over eating
Facts Aint Been The Same Since
This whole Brother Nature debacle frustrates me because I love his videos. We can never have nice things. Sigh
When ya wifey find you with another shorty
Kass put your song back on soundcloud wtf. You low key broke my heart was my fav song
Enough games.. I need to get up early tomorrow
and figure out my answer of "What do you want?" (Hello to
cannot wait to go shopping for this new anniversary night attire
when people tell him about his privilege. And about it. that the truth.
been feeling the gym lately
I got really really lightheaded and been the same since.
Looking like a whole meal
No na. Yisau what were we just discussing
just seen a mosquito with a coat on, they not giving up
so... still awake & I have class in a few hours.. lmao kms
This girl is so cute
Ha ha, 20 seconds longer than my wife worried for
The Cowboys are seriously disappointing me rn
damn they going in on Brother Nature. Let him live
Maybe I should watch the NBA this season niggs fighting n shit
I wait for my hair to grow back i know gonna be like this but thicker
I get the whole thing please no
her beauty. I wonder if she'll dress up this year... but I know she won't
My last night in the sunshine state fashionnovacurve Clermont, Florida
I left my dam water work and it was so cold
I love trying to do homework with a cat sleeping on my back.
they would never
I need to get out of this
I feel sick
Worried about my Ralphy wanna go to work tomorrow
They looked so happy & proud
I need a Benz in my life
i just want ti sleep all day but i also want to clean up
|| Yes, sharinkill that bish--
Of course, curiouscat is the place where all the 'toughies' gather up.
If gone to Taqueria El Vulcan in Edinburg, needs to go so bomb
I miss my baby
One day I'll learn that just because I'm planning to be in the shade a lot, I should probably still put on sunscreen
Yep he goooone first time you could vote too
that food my momma cook was good
I want IBar
Pretty, swag and a accent
so tired
EXACTLY
A H*T if i shoved down your h*tlog down your throat i bet you'd like it
I even know more dead... my phone or myself
When have only one class tomorrow debating on my attendance
Lol yasssss and girl I stand those bulldagger females
The carpet on the stair turned me off but same
|| I finally made an aesthetic acc, all these years of Roleplay
super hungry at night time
Same face for anything weather and any occasion this is it
Foxfield, Colorado
Take me back
homecoming went tf up omg
When Sunday dread kicks in to the point where you sleep
I want shit to do with yo
They ont even fit my big ass
Why is this so perfect
Threw you right under the bus
Craving Chinese food...I want sweet & sour pork and chow mein and potstickers and hot & sour soup
I have my goal for the week that I really need to accomplish
Stop to get air and had Vonni shits, her bottle leaked all over her and her car seat, she screamed half the way home.
wish I could watch the gala but I do have to exist outside of my bed tomorrow
i really cannot wait till thanksgiving
How did you guys get through that thread.. me that a girl, it did me me some how..
I really could navigate DTLA better than Philly I get it
My aunt got 3 children. Three. & who is her WhatsApp pic & phone wallpaper ? Me. The lady is obsessed & i love her so much
We need updated photos so bad thank you so much!!! Love you
R.I.P Mama I miss you already
So anxious about starting my new placement tomorrow
But sometimes I think about throwing it all away from 8 piece wing with lemon pepper & mile sauce
omg do the a sweet sweet fantasy throw it back all the way to 1995
Applies for me.
I don't drink though so I've never had a hangover.
Lorddddd, bless it.
i never dropped her. so sry!!!!
This Is Everything To Me
when court packs our lunch for the week literally love working with my sister lol
Happened to mine
take me to church daddy
These pictures only 3 weeks apart
so hungry i wait to eat
I have nobody to go to the movies wit
My friend saw Grant Gustin at the airport wtf
Just wanted to get ate like a bday cake today and spoiled maybe next year
my mam watched the whole teen awards show on tv to try and spot me on second tier a dedicated gal
A NAP and now I have no clue what's going on
Headache and feel sick
Proper want some kfc mini fillets
tired but my body let me go to sleep
so messed up how badly a guy could mess with a girls head season 1 out now!
my brother made me carry his quads yesterday after the parade and a bitch is sore af
I have such a bad headache
Necesito a Drake&Josh en Netflix
so mf hungry
Come on Defense! Jimmy Smith what are you doing?!
my Friday today, bills are paid and now ready to Grub
every time i stumble across this, my heart hurts RIP+
Want to lay up in comfy, oversized clothes with a man!!
annoyed, to say the least.
believe saying this but 2018 & usher got a hit omg
Whatever I ate fucked my stomach up
If I had the body
really annoying
from authenticallykayla - Everyday Harlingen, Texas
I need a group of girlfriends
take me back to Friday
So much I wanna say to you, but in person would be much better
My friends having kids n shit
All of a sudden starving
Potty training is tht you tired of buying pampers .. almost tht time
i just remembered that luna got into my bag of takis earlier....i wanna go home and see what kind of surprise she left me
I honestly think this the worst pain I have ever been in
he let me breathe
This month and next month really breaking my pockets
But a bih is cold
not ready
been a tough season for squad
So confused and undecided on what career I want to choose
never drinking again and I think I mean it this time lol
I really sleep how to convince my brain that I have get up 5 hours from now to go to the hospital
I need more bath & body works candles
Yeah ard
I felt bad so I gave him my old phone now I gotta get him another
I love when my bed smells like you
This
Ugh!
already getting sick and mad cold in my room
Bruh another earthquake in Ecuador time I go home! My 2nd earthquake
I dislike him so much
I want and to make a song together so bad
I need food
my bank account cute. she my bitch
I JUST WANT THE BOYS TO BE SPOOKY AND GAY, DEADLY
had the tune of parklife stuck in my head for the last hour and driving me crazy
They found one! Transplant underway
This bed getting so lit
Mood
Who are you
believe another weekends gone just like thatttt
Made some wings literally the key to my heart
OMFG THIS NIGGA IS HILARIOUS this whole damn video especially the end
a new grinch coming out
On me
2:17 pm: just finished illustrations. omg
took a glass from the back of the row of glasses and threw it smashed across the bar floor and
I love making money and working
I Even Get A Chance To See Halloween Yet
Not even for me guys in bands never heard of
friend I feel like such a coon lmao he just so fine and good with the animals omg
I truly appreciate that!
I want this so bad
high af Rn
Facts! Really is
really sad we gotten a Louis album
I'm in so much pain
thank you
Exposed
Mac & cheese at work be slamming boy
I know that! Thank you for the information!
Baby underneath that bun your damn scalp is going to be raw
just hungry
I have so many Snapchat memories idk what do w out Snapchat
Still, met your authorship goal for 2018?
If you spent the better part of 2018 jumping through hoops
u set yourself up putting that spoon in her clean sink, learn from this
When you pass a woman getting some Vagisil in Walmart.. sis not judging.
you're so gorgeous thankyou!!
Honestly so so excited for Danny to get his ugly arse down here, missed him so much
I feel bad just that fast
It feels so good outside
this baby is so cute bro baby fever like a mfffff
These penalties
Like taking care of myself financially is everything to me
New messenger update on facebook.
My reaction : WHAT THE FUCK!
Who tryna bring me some soooo hungry
so stressed out about these tryout results like can they hurry up & post the results
still not over this but when is it from?
Now ruined.
buying a Frenchie and I wait
Wait! confused! What happened with Brother Nature
I swear I always crave chick fil a on Sundays
This seems to be what everyone is saying. The bottom is throwing me off so much
so ready to go home I hate coming out here
Actually worked out today, it feels good
Lol yours sis
what a player
Today's GOP
RT Alex143637: omg this is too cute
Screw the ass and how corny she is. I just care about Trip remix playing in the back
Will never get over the fact SYTYCD tour is coming no where near me
I feel like driving to Baltimore tomorrow
The uniforms in this game
When Sasha is in my city
I just need some dick
I just need some love
Tired of Fuckin with these lame
Baby, I just need a thug
I am an adult and I agree.
But so much work to be done.
I always fall for the mood makers of a group AJJSJSJSJ the mood maker in groups when comfortable with them
Really debating on this lash class
Anybody got a extra ticket for the gospel fest lol
But then again at least my phone doesn't nearly do it's job then just totally fuck it up when it matters
Bruh, the host so disrespectful why he asked that?!
i want to go to a quando rondo concert sooo bad!!!!
A hot mess
It even been a day
This is my new hell .. MESH implant MESH removal + Burch colposuspension =huge hernia
Yes!!! so excited I handle it
I need to get back on Keto
Dont remind me
Lol not that mean
Oh God, Hoseok can you please do this to me?
lots of that
Bro, so do I LMFAO but naw I feel it. Some lebron fans do go over board lol did
19. from 10 - 45 minutes depending where im going
20. Japan everyone knows this (2019 here I come)
21.
I was like OMG im gonna make one for cry baby ... but her albums name too damn long
I stand connors snoring sometimes!!
Tf why you inv me
Just had the most incredible massage
soon be a mother just waiting to get the money so i could get my lil puppy
god Big Sean is so sexy
It makes me sooooo upset whenever I seen parents buying there kids
Most definitely
I had so much fun last night I can not even move out my bed
Apartment shopping
My co worker so nasty
I get a day off but it really a day off because I always have errands to run.
Wtf
really not ready for this weather
Refs really want Brees to win
sad times, a time of despair
That thirty cent can make a big difference
Can pay day just come already
so sad for
You're an A-lister in my heart
Ive been trying to figure out what happened but all I see is commentary. What did he sayyyyyy?
A g i t a t e d t o f u c k
Lmao oh lord Brunch Part 2 wow I been lit since then ! sad
Why does the weekend pass by so fast?
A guy with an accent is everythinggg
i think i ordered the wrong size in these adidas
i hate shopping alone
I miss my best friends pretty face
I know this is a bad time, but I just want to bring back up the tweet of the guy saying time we grill up Canela....
glad u bought it what brand is it i gotta look into it
Yo so my pops bought me 2K19 he the clutch rn
I have two spoiled brats
U been letting ol gurl slay u lately, loose ur touch I still be needing you
My bones are I need cracking and pulling and twisting in every way lol
WHAT DID U END UP DOING
I swear I eat so good after the church services
If any females wanna be friends coo I swear
His ass, body and lips are everything
my grandmother made some escebeche
Oh how I miss that spanish sun Puente Nuevo, Andalucia, Spain
I wish I could twerk.
Ugh Blaney advance
My hair is so healthy and long
ashamed of myself man . This the second weekend in a row now
wait to go home take a shower and get in bed these cramps on a different level Rn
I buy m&ms nor flowers
The week leading up to fest is always the longest
I STILL want tamales
Why they keep takin down the armed & dangerous video tho
Really missing Nc
They pizza is so bomb though and its no pizza hut by me
wow i would lose my charm bracelet my dad is gonna kill me if i find it.
By the way it looks so far, I might need it
can i move to ireland with u ily n im pretty convenient hm s sounds sexy do it
Can somebody please take me to see The Hate U Give
// everyone is far too nice to me.
I done slept my life away
I bleed garnet & gold
wala pa rin kaming cable at internet connection
Typical
Lmaoooo girl! You see why going hard. I sent him a couple refills
just so funny how queer ppl just cling together even before we know queer in my irl friend group
POR FAVOR VAI CMG COME UM LANCHE
This weather is giving me life
Sick as fuck
srsly? 3hrs if sleep?
Worst feeling is when you do comfortable laying down then you gotta pee
God forbid I ever go through that or even carry hurt from a past rship
only thing worse than being sick is being sick & alone
Do I have to logout and login everyday? It let me vote
Why is searching for apartments so hard
super early
was suppose to go to Angola but my baby had to work
lash day come quick enough, I look ROUGH!
I miss BIGBANG and 2NE1! The Kings and Queens of KPop. They started it all.
i need more people to follow , my feed be short asl
Brown Sugar such a hopeless romantic sometimes
You know how fucking strong you gotta be to do that!?!
Then I gotta hear my quarterback n the booth
just how I feel
Right!!! Its like chewin on soft plastic to me but dont put no sour patch kids around me them
With this beautiful sexy pic I'll say goodnight
wait to see my momma tomorrow
I miss my boyfriend
Everything I do it enough
I need to work on making decisions... I am so indecisive
come up with a new album that ep was an appetizer
Took a nap and now I can't sleep, and I have school tomorrow
Would someone be so kind and save me from the hell
suppose to be saving money
You're mocking me right? 5.2 is short!!! I'm like the shortest among my friends Block me already
We all bullied Deaf Greg lmfao just because he was a parody account
So if it is worse tomorrow or hasn't gotten any better then I'm definitely gonna downplay it cause I do not wanna go back to hospital
to bring both of my great back
Why are all my Jamaican spots closed on Sundays ya girl just wants some jerk
lmao omg logic said it first
Someone please get me a vm from Jack tomorrow
How do two people have SOOOO many clothes
Today reminded me of how tiring shopping really is but I got so much accomplished so cool
Pffffff
it feel so good outside
me & kyle are officially adults. insane lol like when did i get grown
Panthers were like
was good but I know is better
joon has been feeding us
My birthday not coming fast enough
just not sure how anyone could enjoy 50 degree weather
bouta die from lack of attention
so confused.
But I hate being played with
Disneyland is set, this is gonna be the best Christmas
I need a hug and cuddles
Ah I feel you! I just want one vvip at least and I'll be satisfied
Ah I think I read that while
The pain you feel when you have nails on and hurt one is horrible
im in Florida I miss sweatpants season
ripperino,, spill what happened pls
Andy for you
Lbs to me the Sweet Spicy Chilli ones are the best... but the original Doritos definitely go crazy
I need new girl friends, mine tried fucking my ex while we were dating
they just look so good together
Same what are you up to this week?
Yo Im about to have a 70 plus hour work week
I feel so good outside man
touuugh
When baby sleep I have nobody to talk to
it so typical got a week off and think coming down with the flu? Seriously pls
I love this shit
This that Buffalo shit
there are fine ass men in Texas
This type energy
im starving lordt i need to find my card
I COULD NOT HAVE SAID IT BETTER
this is why everyone hates armeries
Love when my covers & sheets freshly washed
MannAll Mfers wanna do is communicate with our
You right! this is why ATL is thriving, they never complaining about this type of shit
heard so many mixed reviews but I really do gotta make time for it! It looks really good
these mfers annoying
Jeez, she is not an animal. She shouldn't be treated like that. what is wrong with you? ?????
Hate feeling sick
my baby fell and hit her face on the sidewalk . didn't cry at all but she got a bruise on her pretty face now
Che culo, a me no
Can we get this with the next era.. still holding out for this cover
I wish
I wish I could be in Austin today Just saw my memories from JT last year and I know today would be so much better!!
man , this too much
I wanna go to the movies anybody wanna take me
and still watch my phone ring + not answer
I be listening to some violent ass music
Lmaoooo I even know this fella....as usual
still trying to figure out the James Blake sample from Catch Up by Drake
thank you I love you
Ugh what a cutie
Nova I'm so sorry I tagged you in this
Thick thighs do save lives
She so pretty man
Cut my hair in August and I swear still the same length
When will this procrastination end?
Why I sleep on a Sunday night
: brian loved this game
Already planning our next trip for May. And we agreed on going out the country
I can wait because going to be a while until I do but I cannot wait to have kids. Gonna be so cute when they call me mummy
When this is not that much for a Tesla but still expensive to your bank account
Bro I had my volume on almost max when I played this
im SO ready to be out on my own , but im ALMOST there
Just mop this floor gonna best China Butt she steady walking on my wet floor with her paws
Fighting over a nigga is so played out.. have a dick sucking contest
scared of dogs and i got bit by one yesterday what a tragedy,,, sorry tzuyu
Lmao! But People met say otherwise
Monday morning here and not keen for work
Why they add the heads
imagine a cute stranger coming towards you & say look a lot like me next to you in style
i can near something big playing on the mall speakers omg been ages since heard this song wow good times
Fantastic
Miracle Watts is really that girl
I set my fire alarm off cooking eggs how embarrassing I wonder if my neighbors heard me yelling No No No No No
Lord knows I know what to do with this short hair
so easily annoyed if I take a couple hits throughout the day I wanted to fight a man for leaning over stroller
That night was lit af when she called you a Fiji look alike I lost it LMFAOOOO
\
( (>
_/ \_ i still love brother nature
Actually I do. starting for my fantasy team
I need to go to Burlington, home goods and but then again a bad idea.
my dream girl just gave me all the kisses and just stopped and gave me a big hug, i love her
I need a mimosa & brunch or a beer & some wings
8 weeks into these trays
ManAll Mfers wanna do is communicate with other
Yall alllllll the way in VA telling me what me and my MIAMI folk listened to the stupidity
I was sleeping so peacefully this nightmare let me get some sleep
happy birthday, tanda mo na oof wag na makulit, i miss uuu! more birthdays to come! Godbless
Sorry about your tough loss today!
Fantastic actually remember much scary
so cold outside
All tryna do is talk to you
Ugh I'm so uncomfortable
I believe I just sold my watch
Real bloodas I could never go
Now gone be some shit , I think about this ALL THE TIME
i ask myself everyday how i got blessed with such a good boyfriend.
This is something I gotta work on in the future.. sometimes I be trippin
Im laying literally right in the middle of my sister and brother in law both sleeping
Uhhh i was hoping voyeur or woodys do a halloween party or something.
I want to go to work today... already thinking about all of the work I get through on Friday
About to clean my makeup drawers pray for me
horrible working with someone you hooked up with & they look amazing
Gotta finish cleaning too ughhhh
My mom when talking on the phone
so true
My name stay in a mf mouth
My stomach on 10 right now
You and I both
Why is it so hard to find good Caribbean food in LA??
It really creeps up on ya
ugh i love that for us harry styles has my heart
WARNING GAMER ALERT!! If you are not a fellow !! GAMER !! Get off my timeline!
Meanwhile I had my baby 7 months ago and still waiting on my body
HOW DO I MISS ALL THESE AMAZING EDITS OF YOURS???
Hate you right now
he sure does
i bet it's all of the vitamins she collects i love one (1) healthy woman...
i would wear it but the way my body built
Seem like ppl always break up after kids
I wake up every 2-3 hrs every night
school, agang calltime for provi
and Tita are back to San Francisco and another hell week starts tomorrow
Oh God. I hope they do this for her organs
Too many aholes been troubling babe the list is endless
Why does the end of Ganja Burn always make me sad?
You need to be hungry grocery shopping ok
She really never sleeps does she
just now seeing this hurry please
These life tests that are being thrown at me
My type of spot
How can somebody's daughter be this fine?
When your gf at home straighten her hair off in 30 min
I wait!!!
I be so emotional I cried watching Caesar from black ink crew take his daughter to prom
Genre ce soir Je vais me masturber .. Kounia manman sa
I wanna take a nap , but I !
Just spent a solid 3 hours tidying my flat. Non-stop. Nearly finished
I still do it sometimes
I am such a kid
But so much fun
Ugh i hate doing my hair
who gon do my makeup for me when i get this job at hooters ?
Lol okay okayyyy lemme stop my is a photographer I swear I help it
reaching out to you , take it or leave ittttt
Why u dey do like this?
& my KID CAN NOT GO WITH ANYBODY I CANT SCREAM THAT ENOUGH
I miss summer already
& wdf scared of, you know ppl til some shit happen
I need new girl friends, mine all tried fucking my ex while we were dating
I think my poor stomach is upset today gotten sick twice
Everyone is either or picking today
Damn they got brother nature
mosquitos are both drowning and beat you a huge disappointment and spoil her T-reat her S-upport her body you need you tf
convinced some of just love lying
I believe engaged
I think I have an obsession for summer walker
I always eat way to much food at Sunday dinner.
K- keep going close
I switched off the TV 86th minute bc it was boring
You know what? making a promise to myself to do this assignment tomorrow at the library cause I concentrate for shit right now
Ezra ironically being the 1st sinner
i want the coats more than the skirts
ok!!! all of them look so amazing
My shit swollen
tired af at 6:00 pm on my bday this what I thought life would be like
Oh I know I was on of those people
had power since 4pm yesterday... Not to be dramatic but gonna die
My voice is going away ughh
did i ask for you? NO. armybuddies really be the worst fandoms
I wanna check on my BJ so bad
making soup but not going to be done until tomorrow since using the crockpot I really think
Oh be single af once my damn head stopped hurting
My ass growing but slowly wtf I wanna be thick
I hate feeling sick
no more 100% game+
Grab it now.
ORDER HERE:
Perfect for your family members and friend.
I need a full body massage
I Need To Wash
Yesssss only tender headed ppl understand
I cannot wait to get a home in Texas
He look so healthy look at those cheeks pls keep this weight you look great, A Double platinum
Currently feeling like having an identity crisis
Sex before bed be the best sleep ever
This IG account using to watch the Saints game is trash
I feel your pain
Keep thinking its a week day .. my days feel like one long ass day that never really ends
almost off, thank god.
I want a Sunday dinner
damn why nobody put me on 772
I need a man to go home to
I know I forsure had baby in my arms the whole time lol
My New Follower Sexy Af
i hate when jake has to work everyday. i get so bored
MY BODY WAS SO TIRED I KNOW I NEED TO SLOW DOWN I BEEN WORKING TO HARD
little mix announcing a tour and me having no friends is a major
so ready for thanksgiving
I freaken love yellow & orange roses
I missed my curls
2.5 hours until I can go home
my heart
Who knew the chargers were playing that early
I need to be this high
I already failed halloween it came so quick
I wait to see my baby on Thursday
idk but god do I miss that ass
for both queen and chris but these pictures boyyyyyy
I wanted to meal prep tonight but I just have the time I wish someone could come cook for me
Man i wanted to get tatted next month bills no joke
mmm taking this as a sign for something bigger and better to come my way
Lali was so excited to meet Camila so cute
little mix announcing a tour and me having no friends represents my life in a nutshell
i really be sneezing at least 6 times sometimes even 10 times in a row on the regular even have any allergies
I hate how dry my skin is during the cold weather
She be digging thru these tweets to block someone.
The link up gonna be epic
I need a nap so bad
You ever looked at fine ass female gay or not in had to remind yourself that you not gay ? . Causeeee who
You literally disappeared I missed you
Had a day off so finally I got to try on this outfit
still hopeful for a cyberpunk concept in the future
Is that real
I don't use Tumblr also those ff with "yn" are weird to me somehow do you read somr jkxreader
honestly i have no idea
gonna beat your ass
Literally been telling myself this for the past two weeks
so tired
Ohhhhh my heart
After I ear I'm going right back go sleep I did to much last night
not crying
yeah you bout fine asssf
I love her thug ass
Leave me alone make I live my life...
friday not coming fast enough
Right there with you
My skin fuckin goes through it in the winter
The one day I wear glasses and everyone tells me I look like Mia Khalifa
My granny used to talk about mongoose all the time . what them shits look and sound like ? Ew
I only have 3 more case analysis for the semester sooo happy
just ripped my heart out
I want red beer so bad right now
I WANT TO GO SEE IT
Awww no Newcastle
make that 20
Finally watching Coco and in tears
I need a manss
so exhausted & ready to get back in bed soon as I get off
CHOKE ME DADDY I'M ALL YOURS TO RUIN
I thought half-term was supposed to be stress free
Why all these fat niggas in my DM .. leave me aloneeee
Why do i crave chick fi la on
I want some
Who let this get out
This natural hair journey though taking everything in me not to run my flat iron through it
wanna be sick
a bitch needs this
I miss extra today
Omg. Come on Skins. Jesus.
I feel weird using my ex boyfriends moms Netflix account I need a new one
When people eat Chinese food on tv they make it look so good
I wanna go uptown but i have no one to go with
I just took the craziest nap with kk when I was suppose to be washing my hair
WHAT!? Omg mentor not serious? a Halloween classic
The Charlotte fair was so disappointing, I knew we should have went to the State fair in Columbia
Bentley said not gon be none ah dat PERIODT
more than one out there like this... so sorry for you .
Someone see A Star Is Born with me.
weekends over how you feel about that?
Lemme get started on this paper
i need more people to talk to
Lemme get started on this paper
I want some pound cake and vanilla ice cream
I Wait To Get Off
And why you book wit me
My weakness
omg what ly omg
Oh shit thank you asf for tagging her her junk go DUMB
Why am I so tender headed now older
Me & Nyasia need our hair done
ANDO DESCONTROLADO AYUDA
That suit
Oh no, not Canela!
My little growing up
Wanting to go to the beach but I have so much work to do
how is this song even real
Need to be making my way to the store
okay thx boo
noo start now bc i dont want excuses come dec 16
i really slept all day
tired of saving. I wanna ball out
in the mood to just sit down and have a disney channel original movie marathon, but i exactly do that bc in the car
Losing weight is great & all but I was not trynna lose my butt shits gone
Who can do my hair tomorrow morning
How is this man 40
laying here, cuddled up, I feel so comfortable dntttt wanna move
she is & damn tell her congrats my sis gone be walking down the aisle looking heavenly
Yess!! We just gotta find someone to pay us
Hate when everybody decides to get sick at the same time so the vicks infused ultra soft tissues are nowhere to be found in stores
I swear it even seem like been this long
Honestly someone bring me a spooky basket, Ive had the worst week fucking ever
So true and not so nice!
Living with your partner is all fun and games until he decides to mess the bedroom up and hide your shit
Twitpic or vamoose from here
i loveeee my school .. i do not wanna leave next year
Nobody Ignores A Call Or Txt Faster Than A Kid Playing Games On Your Phone
been waiting forever Beyond ready!
Why do I not follow my own advise of follow your gut instinct
Hungover as fuh, gotta pack for Seattle, just want booty rubs
On holiday for the week and missing camming with you guys Enjoy this cute pic of my ass until back
so tired but I gotta start on this paper
It always take me 20 minutes to get through a song because I keep starting it over
Study smart or study hard
So sad I meet you just had to be waaaay down there huh
He need to leave me alone sick of this shit
Too annoyed to sleep
It just smells hella nice
most of all i just wanna mean the most to you, most of all baby im just trynna grow with you
rs
It real love if u dnt wanna them and kiss them all in the same
Dang I left my ice cream at it stand a chance. RIP
Just imagining this has me
I wait until we finally get to see I always end up crying when i watch documentaries
I know !! and thank you boo
It seems like this Nao album is taking forever!! I keep going back expecting to see on .. hurry
Ikr people change and mature though twitter can be so annoying
I need headphones
I just need a day spent at the beach
how did i just get to the bottom of twitter
This medicine kicking in. fina be out real real soon.
Now I need an elephant.
Fuck this week
My dog snores like a grown ass man
The dreaded hour minimum search for what to watch next on Netflix begins
Swear
Miss my boi
What i want
I love this so much
not giving my full 100 in school
Oh so cold
Absolutely unreal show from tonight, however that is the last time I forget ear plugs
i never met somebody that had the same name as me & spelled it the same way. that would be stupid lit.
Lmao, why did I play.
someone take me please
OMFG you can BUY Twitter and instagram verification now?!
I even deal with you people right now
I hate the feeling of being bloated
Core
that facetune is so clockable
wait to stand awkwardly away from you and not interact again
Love his whole lifeeee
No, last won a packet of crisps though
Hate when they leave me working w slow people mind as well leave me working alone mannnn
blessing your timeline with one of the best compilations ever made
I need to go shopping
I want another tattoo and I think I want something to do with both my babies
They for me I got them as a birthday gift. hang onto them a lol longer.
Making me proud so far
I need friends that are into photography & filmmaking in
Help please
she know we familia why it gotta be like that
i would put it down for a real ass bitch
so ready just ready to see his face
I also want to cut and dye my hair
I wanna change my work schedule so bad
My parents tried for me
They really went up on my rent $55 and my walls still leaking water like wat
trying so hard not to be mad at my sister but hard
Sobbing so hard at Haunting of Hill House it started off scary and now just pure heartbreaking
12. Weakness
Japanese boys
I want some seafood
Kenneth annoys me everydayyyy
already bringing people together and we even voted yet, just imagine what he could do as a Senator or even POTUS.
He has had some of this already, I'm wondering what is going on in his head
having the spirit of discernment is gift & curse
Nap bout to be sooo amazing
My Boo Lol He Never Tells Me No
Wish I was going home tomorrow I just do not feel like it
he gone make sure I'm happy, no matter the circumstances
My heart has a funny way of letting ppl in , sweat they are not my intentions
She drag you, impossible
So good for the health though! whhhhhyyyyy
these people done dug up his old tweets and they were racist I guess its on TMZ.. I personally
Thank you gorgeous! I hope so
BIIITCH, I just saw a hot as hell Hapa DILF at Target
His baby is luckyyy
I think I need a nap
I want chipotle now
why did the cancel Luke Cage
I had a relaxing Sunday in so long
I want a glass of wine & a movie. Any offers
he gone surprise you I wait you gone wanna smell him & kiss on him all the time
remind me of Erykah Badu Hitler Painting Appreciation Day on here plz
I want a fucken Fenty tour
My heart has a funny way of letting ppl in , swear they are not my intentions
Sorry but as soon as someone gets their vag out to make a point about anything, a no from me!
*studying & I gotta hour left
Your response though
Nope it my little sister is here from Washington and at work until 10 leaving early idc
always getting this headache during this time of the day
I woke up & wanna go back to sleep but imma try to stay up
OMGoodness so ready for dinner fajita night guysss
or download searchin
you're welcome
Lord speed up the process please
my friends r beautiful
Went to snowball before I came to work and I wanna go back
Dinner lit
I miss naps so much
IMMA HOT N**** NO PAUSE
definitely considering it just so broke rn
Martin said give them it until they do shit
Oh no.
If I just signed back up right now did I miss it?
Absolute shite day at work! The general public are the worst type of people to have to deal with!
Nah but I really went off LN now I got more costume ideas I want to do n October almost over
We suck on the road
how you let your bitch get punched on like that
Got the Monday blues already
She was hope you get yours a lot sooner
I wait to be back on the field, I miss fielding and hitting sm comeback sznnn boy
i ate too much
My cousin reminded me that we were supposed to celebrate my birthday in Ghana
wait for Tasia to do my sew in so tight i can see my veins in my forehead
I know how tf I managed to wake up for work today
we use to be sooooo LIT on this bitch !
LOOOL. Whats this
The bus straight took off on a bitch
My ex left a pair of sockt my house, come get them back
Lord ion feel like going back out but sounding like a play rn
Update at the bar
rip replay button
My long run today was so demoralizing after I had to turn into the wind
Damn I highkey should have went last night man!! In need of some jollof heavy
I guess he was like 12 or 13 at the time, but apparently it is real???
I wish my car was not broken
Irked...
Why have I got Cascadas - Evacuate the Dancefloor stuck in my head?! Looks like I be getting to sleep tonight
Someone wanna go get dinner with me
How true that is!
Love you more baby !!
Grayson
I love the gym
My chest on fire Heartburn shit to play with
Oh yeah an AINT shit friend I forgot I always think Scorpio like me
Nothing head fucks me more than making a murderer
Literally in bed sick with nothing to do
If I find a apartment I am leaving so Fr
you never know, probably be heartbroken for a while
Dunkin donuts would be highly appreciated right now
This town or you and me
This puppy is just so wild I get ready for work
Story of my life
ksksjh probably cause aging
That shit look so good
Bro I need this
in 307
Legend Jessie j
huuuungry. I just wanna get back to Cochran though ion feel like stopping
My dad really loves me
Saturday night is my favorite
Ofc I watched that video AGAIN. I think she reaches on a lot of stuff but some stuff you just deny. YOU JUST
And 7 years ago we said 2018 we would go to South Africa
He need to come on with it I'm ready to finish watching one punch man
Remember when lil Kim did this
ugh
Lyssa really my Mf sister lol. I love her to death
Tired of fucking with these lame niggas baby , I just need a thug
sometimes i forget how good my friends are to me i literally kno what do without some of them
I just got off.
When he takes the checkered flag
Everybody deal wit me
so perfect
bored outta my mind
is on so late next Sunday basically still be up when the clocks go back sort it out
RT still at it! the leveling gameeeee
Did some wedding dress shopping.. but I need to lose weight before I get married
u literally look sOOO good baby
girl ion think nobody felt this tweet more than me
Fed Ex got us working 6 days a week now all the way up to January gon miss having my Mondays off
I never did see Ricky Bobby. at Kansas Speedway
gonna finish this work and watch elite...I need to know what everyone is talking about
I just had two
I need
This girl got proposed to with donuts... perfect
Mobile
Becoming a barrister takes like 6/8 years depending on topups, goodluck sis i knw
Feel like I got so much to do with no time at all
Huge respect to those that can workout for 2 hours. Lately been struggling just getting my 30mins of cardio in every other day.
Our I like this song
Last night was great
I will but I have to wait till january
SEND HELP!!! ANYARE????
They are so.....
I would absolutely love to do Camp America next year
Should sleeping
Bout To Log Off On This Sunday
gonna go to bed cause I feel like crying cause my pizza is wrong
I like this new route they gave me. Shit seems longer
I cnt wait till my baby graduates
Oh No!
I Just Drunk Some Cold Cold Cold Ice Milk With Sugar Lol Man It Was BUSSSSSS
Boy is Adrian anxious to go back to school tomorrow low key just want him to stay with me forever lol
- knowing leaving camp tomorrow for 3 weeks makes me sad
Still jealous that McVeigh is younger than me and got the hottest team in sports
LMAOOOO jin sect's secrets got revealed, if only jgy carried on his sex toy business instead of deciding to kill nmj
LUCKY omfg i really want one cause i think he looks so fucking good in that photo
car insurance high asf
Whew your a lion that be tamed right now
I need to relive this weekend
I LOVE going out and spending all of YOUR money!
So funding next weekend
Ahh I wish I was going! I be there.
I wish I was going be there in spirit. Hope you have tons of fun on your bday love
Story of my liiife
Run away to me
my new boo so different
I still believe I shared a stage with the cast of Hocus Pocus
Omg congratulations
my job is hazing me w/ this long ass shift
The Charlotte fair was such a disappointment, I knew we should have went to the State fair in Columbia
So the full album coming out!?
I wanna go home an cook so bad but already late fml
I wanna sit in the house
We already saw it! Lmao. Last night. Tell us please!
our drafting has been suspect too man our future is fucked
Yes I wanna know the reason behind it
Sometimes I feel like I dont deserve the people in my life
nothing worse than that nervy feeling you get in your stomach but you know why
Show
Mate I feel you straight in and straight back out haha
Bit late now. Just landed Melb
So brother nature was cancelled for the hitler comments.... but he black?
She is periods & painful childbirth
When you've prepared and this happens
TANIA! He might see this!
inhaling my food because my 30 minute lunch break goes by too quickly
I ate all day these cramps really taking me out
I really do idk why
Rooth Rooth
Where do actually find girlfriends who want to spend time with you and grow? curious
I want another girlfriend my other one OUT OUT
was way too lit last night that I accidentally somehow tipped my uber/lyft driver 15 dollars instead 15% for an 8 dollar car ride fuck lol
Righhhtt man!!!
Look, lol lemme been a picky eater since i was a kid! I still am and like allat
Wwaahhh Ratty
What was that!? Where was the Defense?
why nobody told me about derrick ?
Gosh I think in love
Need to grind and work hard while here in Memphis so I can go back to Little Rock
sooo cute, i wait to have another one
Wowowow. Really?! I just bought two bags
jimin sounded like a fluent english speaker saying that OH MY GOD OH- WHAT so spontaneously
Phoras concert was so beautiful
just gave me the best news received all year
Working the auto show this weekend makes me want a new car I miss my camaro
I have a crush on my teacher. That motherfucker is so intelligent lmao
But so good though. If they were soft like the Quaker ones I think they would be good.
the amount of money I spent this week is insane and I got so much more too purchase
my irl wants me to take her to work AGAIN when will she get her license
They killed this
Gutted for you
I miss my girlfriend
Indeed! Hope this will pass quickly!! Not a fan of people in my bathroom!
seriously tho
Even with tears in my eyes I pick myself up & make sure that I am straight at the end of the day
I am really terrified of cats
I was some broccoli soup from Panera
6. bts is my ult but i also like shinee, stray kids, red velvet
7. burn the stage
8. i can be very stubborn
How do some girls come to the fair with a whole face done hot af lol
I am absolutely shattered so why I sleep
My son turns 3 months tomorrow torn but so happy my baby is healthy and growing
What you playing? Still need to finish Shadow
I still went & saw Hate U
The worst thing about working today is not that I have a midterm to study for but that missing the clam chowder festival
The Hate U Give book was better than the movie but I still cried the whole time
Really need to have that conversation but so scared
The first 13 seconds
I only managed to get London tickets 6 days before the concert it was so devastating at first I
Why am I like this
yesterday bae bought me fried lobster, steak, blackened shrimp and broccoli that shit was soooooo good!
my boyfriend is so good with my brother i need to give this man a child!!!!
But on a different note I miss you
Let me get into Lyfe hair
If I take this nap not going to wake up until like 8..
Aint got no ass cuz he keeps eating it
I want some broccoli soup from Panera
Sheeeeeessh, that TD pass to Gallup was nice but that shit hurt
I feel the same way about Lewis
OMM
Fue horrible
sweet did the champagne
different
I love this time of year but god Fireworks are just a pain...one just went off and I can here Toby crying downstairs already
i want some bbq wings and some French fries with ranch
A beautiful goddess
Thank you FKD for all the deals
That play where we ran a damn option will be the game
you guys are horrible
I go away with work the week red dead is released
He got burnt
If a line for food I might snap.
Hope my crush see those tweets
Sometimes i wish that i that beanie that had on her site about a year ago
Follow this fine young man on IG .... definitely Tarzan
so it even matter which temperature I use because it has no effect. So all in all, I can
Anybody That Do Sick
I genuinely love so much
love is my is a mood
I just really wanna go to the haunted barn
I wanna fuck and cover you in cum everyday . Cum all over me and my cock. Lemme eat you all day .
Another weekend flown by
I just stop eating, I hate these meds so much
I feel though I try and support and follow too much sport keep up with it all!
Feel like always
Them stiiizy pesticides really be hittin
I hope my dad is able to keep my grandmas apartment. That would be so nice
Omg this is me in bed
I smoke I got some lung disease
Those LIPS !
popcorn getting stuck in my gums
I miss this
sore asf I need a rub down
Making a Murderer part 2! Still in absolute shock at the mess that is the American justice system
I wish Bonzai delivered! I miss football or Harry Potter! Sheesh
G my daddy took me to all these lil restaurants that ppl just now getting up on
The cowboys need back, BADDDDD
studying allllll day! I have 3 test this week.
ooo a bomb burrito from
I wish I had an appetite but I just
You see the shit that came out when he went down the dumbwaiter ?!
Its too fucking cold to be smoking outside
got moneyyyy but this is super fkn cute
Those fucking lips !!!
15. my history teacher he's so annoying and self-centred and always thinks he's right about everything
No excuse for this cmon
I been sleep since yesterday
popcorn getting stuck between my teeth
sorry you ok baby !?
the title already has me
make it back in time need to rewind a little
awe dam why not?? go atleast one day
Why are you adorable?!
Who told me make lasagna the on top of that stuffed chicken mashed potatoes and green beans
IN LOVE WITH A STRIPPER ( TPAIN VOICE)
i wanna do cute shit like go to the pumpkin patch
< this emoji conveys every emotion
something ab summer walker music
plz tell me why I always crave on Sundays
so crazy tho. Lettuce pray that happen btwn these next 60 loads I have.
Omg they are cuter in the light
think ever going to the _____ ______ out here ever again it was so lame this year. upset
I was tired of seeing his name.
My eyebrows used to look so good
Im so confused how are you I hate ppl
I needa start taking chances
okay i just ate a sandwich
Alexa! Play my baby song damnit! Baby fever on 1000...I need Tylenol...nooowww
and if he not obsessed w me ion want him
I love when people tell me there glad my dad died
Not Brother Nature too we were rooting for you man smh
The second one, relationship goals
To have your own car & house feels good
My head is still on 100
Right! thinking color but too scared
Well GOP Chairwoman Ronna MacDonald is related to RINO Mitt Romney
I have YET to SEE a GOP AD on Local TV
addicted to middle parts
Time to sleep. 4 a.m is the time
sorry you can come stay the night with me?
Much needed Mama time during this sleep regression phase that seems like it will never end. Lark & Sparrow
Ohh okay. I really thought he was a musician or something.
Too many injuries right now. going to get a lot worse soon I think.
ugh your mind
My titties hurt
bc facts
I need to order me jackets and coats
too cold out
Omg this just reminded me of their concert in my city it was 10th March 2017....
everyday
YESSSSSSSS trying to teach the rest who are all just brats and cause trouble
tired asf
Sorry sis I like lmao
Texting people back is a full time job
still not sorted any costume
I really wanna try lash extensions but my skin sensitive i dont wanna have a bad reaction to it
Been so long since I just stayed home and work or go out
I gotta stop eating ice so much
Looks like you could do with a nice trust me you have all earned it after that battle
Pretty sure no worse heartbreak than getting to the gym and realizing your Apple Watch is dead
not. seen way worse
I got my nipples pierced today and they hurt so bad but look so good omg i wanna get mine piercedso bad, on
I even wanna do anything for my bday anymore I just wanna move!!!
Promise ready to dip off and not tell a soul. I just have it to give to anyone anymore
This headache
That song chills up some people's spines and give them goosebumps hey
My baby get her shots tomorrow & I even be there cuss of training but cool I just hope my lil baby take it like a G ..
Carlotta deserve this. This too much
he saved me from sadness he always makes me happy iloveyousomuch chaaaaa you're the reason why i'm happy
Super exhausted
-ing besito
I live watching dads be dads melts my heart
Come on Skins, let me down
get pass this paragraph
Them boiled eggs was hittin
hiii pahr!! Maganda , Cute , Matalino ,Peymus , Rk , Sweet HAHAHAHHAHHA uy yung mentos ko!!!
angela
chems
jake gynaecologyhalkshsyzjxh however u spell it
thor
Apple Pay - 1 stolen phone! No thanks!
I have the most adorable boyfriend ever I swear.
I used to loveeee these
I miss my boo
Not the fist bump
I get my feelings hurt so quick
Today I was just lazy I cook for my baby every Sunday but todayyyy
wait to have my own EVERYTHING.. close tho
so over these midterms
been in the bed all day
My illnesses be like, u sick? just give urself di4tabs or p4nadol or tol4k angin or kir4nti, u will be okay 1-2 days later
Nba youngboy needs to drop 38 baby 2 already
I need my nails done
I stepped on the scale in a little while, but now I want to 2 people told me I look skinnier lol
I really hope Alina Baraz racist
Awe yes I love flowers such a nice gesture
When the onlyyyyy person ya wanna talk to isn't answering you
Having a Starbucks at my job is a bad thing on the count of I buy something every shift
I got this one ex never gonna stop fucking with my heart
who has an extra state fair ticket???
I gotta find all my winter clothes it better feel like this tomorrow so i can wear my champion jumpsuit
I miss my baby been so bored
i wish my baby was here
*enters infinite see above/see below*
my life super busy n stressful lately I just wanna watch making a murder part 2
so ready for this Drake concert
been craving these for ages
Shit feels amazing emi
I think ever gonna get over the fact I missed at creams and im probably never gonna see him...
Buying me a coat some uggs when i get paid
I hate cramps
I feel attached
Oh my god. This hit me like a truck. .... amazing!
he also unfollowed me a great loss
Craving sushi
these oysters bout to be so good
Bruh I met the man of my dreams last night
I feel attacked
The only day I care to watch the 49ers and isn't even play.
I wish I could honor moral victories. Instead, just counting Ws and Ls
Need something to look forward too, lost all motivation for life
Summer just came and went man
I wait to go home
Mine too Especially when I put some pants on
also bighit gives us bts content like constantly while sm starves us for 45 years easier to fill
I finally got the bundles I wanted
What a good boy
Yooo that logic and G-Easy snippet was dope hope it drops
Yall be in jock straps with flat asses and never have played a sport in your entire fucking life. wtf be going on
I want a new tattoo
Yall done found a replacement already
still sleepy & was pretty much sleeping all day
Can Thursday evening hurry up please need to get away for a few nights
If canela still fucks with him then I Stan brother nature
Curry chicken, stew chicken, white rice, collards, cabbage, salad, neck bone soup anddddddd peach cobbler
Whisky River Take My Mind... for the last time,
drinking adult beverages at Whiskey River
Cleaning up this apartment
Youngest is out of bed. I've given her an ice pop to help with her sore throat. She's complaining that it's too cold
starting This KEEP A POSITIVE ATTITUDE AT WORK THING!!! starting Monday!!!
Bre treats me like a baby so much
Papi
I might be one dumb but I too dumb
absolute BABY boy what a gem
How did know I needed this
bitch if i ever got a handwritten love letter from a nigga... omg
Lmaooo you gotta make a trip soon. Pele
Lord knows I think gonna be able to pull this 7am-3:30 tomorrow
Work so boring I needa blunt or
6 need to hurry up ready to get off
I wanna have another baby but 2019 my summer bro
Brilliant..sweeping at work and proper done my back in. Awesome.
I lost everything living life being stressed, even the bubble butt I had
math, please be good to me.
I just wanna sleep in peace
Hell yea I need my eyes to get this red
i still love this
i really want some gumbo
I think I was scared of any spooky slenderman bitches, then I watched the
I need a couple drinks after this dolphins lost
one day convince mom into loving unordinary hair colors
bro i have no limit when fucked up hahah eat all night lol
I always wanted a bond bond with you
yes it has . it been delaying people money & shit
I hate to admit it... but I think right.
how do you make these
very ironic because the song of I sing the best
Marble
when u wake up to birria
ion know what to eat today
Someone help me pick a Halloween costume and Birthday Outfit
no. My legs have a tan and my feet dont lmao so it always makes me look ashy!
I want to get up out of bed
I do this ALL THE TIME
Also like that nasty sunburn I got but my dumbass forgot to buy sunscreen
I can't believe my brudda popped the question . Congrats and
My tiddies are excited but im also scared
pull up and find out
I just wanna have sex all the time
Jin and Hoseok really be the lowest I do my boys like this
Not even a hurts like when u scratch ur rim
Been craving Zaxbys all week! i need the state of Maryland to get one!
Came home from work and these girls are KO! I wanted to take them to the park
Birthday in a few days and idk what ima do
I just wanna go to pumpkin patch already so late !
This weekend was too short
All corny shit aside. I expecting this so fucking sweet
Am I as beautiful as yet?
I even have parents anymore, kid you not on my own i really be going through some shit rn mannnnn
This is so accurate that it feels offensive
Just got some of the best news ever I seriously wish I could tell you guys but have to wait an see!!
OMG!! Bi you know you're tempting me right?!
Boston Chops was bomb I stop thinking about their spicy broccoli
Me but fuck it idc
I really think getting sick
The only time I watch the 49ers play and of course isn't playing.
not living life rn
LMAOOOO IF YA DONT LEAVE THIS MAN TF ALONE
YESSSS just have to get clothes for this weather .
My brothers birthday is tomorrow and just now going shopping for him the worst.
it was a catfish acct pretending to be an attractive hetero male in bnha anitwit when someone who
fair enough
I go on YouTube to watch one movie trailer an hour later knee deep in interviews
I wait to see my cousins
I have some hairy ass legs
I have to pack and I'm not ready to do so
goodmorning
so fucking hungry dude
AHHHHHH BAT NGAYON PA TALAGA ORAL DEFENSE NAMIN ANG SAKIT SAKIT TALAGAAAAAAAAAAA
AdorbzzServing Sunday Cuteness Baby
That shyt sucks
this precious family
10-16 * 10-18
have our undivided attention, and here never going to
Me and Cam* Stg I wait
I love my little human. What would life be without her
That's pretty complicated though
I really love that picture of me
The fact that I have to be on other time right now got me hot
This is the content here for
Bruh I Kant hang with the drills sergeants fosho Lol faded and barely about to be 5
sad they teach me. blocked. I wanted to learn.
Another reason why I want to see it I love
So much for being sober last night guess sleeping all day today
Time flies when you are drowned in homework and study material
Wish I had a tv (+license) so I could watch and reading tweets on
Lowkey miss being up
I wish I had the motivation and will power to get fit and skinny and look totally banging but instead I just stuff my face and imagine
Heading home.
Homemade chili coming right up, Noah!
cooking
13 now 15 and still wondering why tf ugly
livin my best life
Coming df outside
Crabs, mussels and Hennessy
seeing how fast HS and college seemed to fly by made me want to cherish every moment so much more
Damn how much for a plate?
Mr Stew yaff vex ooo
Nigerians can make u loose ur home training
Crying real tears
I watched Hereditary the other day - I got scared.
on sertraline at the moment and have put on almost a stone
AL PLAN FISCAL UPR!
Medo
Addicted To Curly Hair I Need To Go Ahead & Get My Winter Inches
My mum needs to stop tagging me in photos on facebook these freshies from back home are onto me
AKSOSJD please?
Feel like my stomach is finally starting to sit lower
my cousin literally asked Isabel bro your niece lmao
yeah for real
What a fucking nightmare
Thank you
be me in a few months age is but a number. Make every day count. Happy birthday Nick
Da fuck!
I have a feeling mines some type of Spanish
am i really gonna bust a fit tonight or am i gonna be warm
talking bout me & her bond
GIT the fUCk GiT thA fUCk from ArroUUUND me
Come On Get Up in my ass
Lawd. Not TMZ
got me ah bottle yesterday
I keep an attitude for too long
Zhuri cannot catch a damn break
Wow i really want to do this to oomf every time I get my nails done
& having a newborn baby
how I feel
trynna be this skinny again
Yo kemi is so lucky I love her
I Never Understood Why So Many Ppl From DC Like The Cowboys
cold & hungry
She really taught me how to style my crappy Brazilian hair in the day
Let me see what my good old friend Markel doing today I need to get out this house
Back to clients disturbing tomorrow, valuations, inspections
so tired of voice he loves talking about himself too much
I need to stop doing hw in my bed bc fr messing up my sleep schedule
My lady friends will feel me on this. A good bra is hard to find and not only did 1 break on me today, but 2!
My days grow shorter , in bed earlier & I move around my little one
My hunni birthday on Halloween in I still found his shoes he been talking about
Gotta put myself on blast daily
Netflix...
S0406
Bitch their Carne guisada plate lorddddd
Feel like my life is slowly falling apart
cant wait to get my hair washed tomorrow ! I be so lazy on sundays
Has. It. Been. A. Year. Yet. ...... still waiting............
Omg we be in Cleveland next weekend go the following weekend?
She deadass gave me 99/100 ROUND THAT SHIT UP UFF
Even the white guy is confused
All these vendors are fine AF wtf?!?!?!
Is this what being 19 feels like
Can a demon just possess me already I wanna do none of this shit fr someone else clock in for me
this is why i love you
But we got cold weather finally
since I was 9
I think this is what exhaustion feels like living for the holiday next week
Lol this is literally what I said when I saw this take that so raven over Hannah Montana any day
This explains as to why been so moody lately
Why the hell Jada so damn pretty
can I turn 21 already I wanna have a big ass party
she such a fucking vibe killer
believe about to say this but ... the camera on the new iPhone XS honestly sucks
I barely remember homecoming
well tyler a gentleman to mean!
about to take me a fat ass nap
Ugh
Back to work again after a week on leave. Waahhh yoko pumasok
Im so upset all the halloween motives flopped this year I was sooo looking forward to dressing up, urgh
Did you have to reload your game? Cause i had too
So many names I name my future kids because of people I like
My entire childhood in a meme I was bad as hell
So bored...
Why is this me though
I just witnessed it, my ppl had 7 & 3 then we gave up a touchdown with less than a minute they was going off
having me as a friend is good & bad bc always be there for you but i always wanna go out to eat & spend money
She fasho a legend
trying to avoid buying new stuff for hoco because I have a closet full of new things....BUUUUUT I rlly want a white lace bodysuit
Whyyyyy are we the same person
Come on catch up
where? please tell me where you find men like this?!
This fine but she got a big ass gap
this drive seems soooo long
Jalousieeeee tes cheveux sont trop jolis
my heart damn near beating out my chest right now , so nervous
U ever had a ice cream sandwich before bed
Every time I get to go to church it feel like a true Sunday
It was my network
// ugh yes girl
Lat year i was in Mexico for a weekend getaway, TAKE ME BACK
House of cards and glass
No lie , just keeps giving me a reason to eat it
New York Wya
i wanna stop eating meat but i could never give up chicken, i love it too much.
but why me?
Son I wait until I start back smoking I miss being high
wow this is a good question. I know what to pick
Tosin fimisile
Me too
Someone bring me Jackson so I can cling like a leech.
A guy sent me a vid of him getting head and that shit looked so dry I felt bad
THIS! All of this
I even bout to lie I miss my old best friend I be bored asf now
I wish Dame and Mackey got to meet my daughter be one year for Mackey and 5 for Dame next month
where these are so pretty !
in neeeeeeed of the local plug#
craving canes
Omg The Wiz
Sounds like a phone call i would make
wiz wey body de pepper secretly
sunglasses and advil
Why is every gay guy hot except for me?!
I love part of the Stereo Soldier bridge
im avoiding studying so hard right now LMFAAOOO likeeee
If you over 25 screaming no kids get your life
My face is really getting fat
I need someone to do fall things with!
such a pretty girl
I have no idea! Maybe I filed it away or something. Sometimes I go to fast when cleaning up my emails
if someone ever wrote a song for me/about me and gave it to me as a present i would cry
Same here
Man somebody wash trim and press my hair
15. I loooove to cuddle
Fuckkkk I wish I was going to Snails tour
So ready for my son to get here
oof this is a mood cause same here. give everything for them to smile
Lmaoooooo you were over me the seconddddd I said something
I need me a nap
remember NUVO? That used to be my favorite liquor to drink underage
I will start a pot of beans at 4pm food be done until 10pm
I want chinos
Love Miguel and Naz
Nigga snuck the spit in on em
Remember when I was skinny for like a month?
Foreal have taken a nap before work. Now I wanna even go
Babyyyyy I love you so much I love me too
I really REALLY wish I could go to Bali with Haywire this hurts
I feel sick.
I felt so funny not cooking this sunday but Instead we are going out
is going to be literally 20 minutes away from me on November 4th and I can't afford to go
iced tea really is dank
My blonde hair is coming back in 2 weeks and I literally CANT wait
I still do but I can't give up on my kiko lip gloss
I want carrot cake
Send a vn if asleep
I want crab legs
Is there no one capable of finding the brakes in this insane descent???
welcome! struggling today too so know you are not alone. El huevo is real
I was so fucked up last night
I called you
Why this food so damn good
INSAR
Catch a break (Noda plz give him vacation)
if i told our story fall in love
I swear
First time in foreverrrre that my weekend busy
Woke up to my dad shooting coyotes in are backyard
So annoyed at myself for not getting Kevin Bridges tickets
Just 2 more hours
I felt OLD the other day trying to flip the camera.
Ian speaking nun but facts everybody able
my stomach is killing me
thank you dats lowkey an old pic now
Eughhh tall guys are my weakness and not talking guys, nothing for a girl like me
Philly was close...
I need to take my hair down
Ooou my bitch got some ass on her ok thickums
Please say sike.........
It really doesn't
I want some seafood
shoutout to Carlos mom for the menudo
Ugh I'm feeling my makeup but nothing cute fits ... I just wanna have my baby already
Wishing my boy was home
I wanna be up under my baby soooo bad right now ...
dm me your playlists!! im ready to explore outside my usual 15 songs
Damn my WhatsApp acting up
Somebody come massage my back
IMMM SCREEEEAAMING OMG
When is it gonna start getting cold? tired of it being in the all the time. I just wanna wear a big ass sweater all mfn day
Pure hopium made me see a 0 after the 3 then I realised there was no 0
Just woke up and still sleepy. Never staying up until 7am again
Still gettin use to this damn Phone I need to hook it up to my Watch..
imagine yoongi checking you out
Literally just wanna make buhl mine
I want some of these right now
why not having kids.
I need a new header. But I like the ones those gfx kids make. What do I do
missing my bf a little extra today
im sorry why did I run my mouth but still go see it!
good at losing things. I still have your hat
Ur relationship melts ma heart
I just started wearing contacts but I feel like I still see without my glasses
I need a sugar daddy to Venmo me some money
I am really sitting in front of my laptop trying to start my essay ,but I never found a topic
I love part of the Stereo Soldier bridge
need to hire a private cymbal tutor for real tho think cymbals would be easy to learn but compared to
so i think it's no lunch for me? ANG SAKIT TALAGA LECHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
these are so pretty (hint)
..and then Sway go and draw in the next round Bloody Typical!!
I wonder what therapists actually study to get these certificates
so sick of LeSean McCoy this season but have ANYBODY on the waiver wire to pick up
so sorry I just saw this ... updated so the answer has been revealed ...
P.S THANK YOU
Jank go crazy!!! Ain think I was gone fw it that hard
im confused
What... the... fuck
Caprisonne Apple flavor
I hate going to the mall but I really need to find a dress
remind me
Genuinely pissed me off I be bothered to play after it smh
Fall break is so much needed. Come on Friday
Yes!!! & He was
Thug- feel it
Will faeva be my song
Her food be looking so bomb
I NEED A REFRESH BUTTON ON MY LIFE!
Ugh ikr i thought bay area was fam, but she's probably busy
Oh my hearteu!!
She said someone Chezrik not something
such a gem
I want to transfer
Mia just asked me if i wanted a massage! Girl i need that and more
Yess BITCH
so ready for 8pm ready to go home tmrw the last day of me doing OT at this point.
I heard this
Joyce Manor has been one of my fave bands lately
Haha girl I know
This is going to be a long night at work and not even there yet
I work 2-10:30
I want a new phone as my current one is broken.... but still only half way in my contract do I buy a new
Today has been a long day
i just want a bucket of spicy shrimp
Outchea studying for my Tuesday exam....at the same time I am stressing about .....I hope we will get
I Wait Til Black Friday
halfway where I wanna be
last week to go before undas break, can't wait to go homeeeeeee!!
bring me sum mafuckin fake cookies
That makes price go up
It was only a matter of time
no matter how long i live here, never be built for the cold weather
I am so blessed
believe witnessed this
Mood.
I hate my back being cold after my braids getting dipped
I wish I went. in Tyler right now...
I lost my license
No more, only working from home. I start my full time tomorrow and realizing I need more work clothes
Why is James white on my bench
Me Facing My Problems
Wish I could be doing this
I wish Canada had Ulta instead of Sephora, we miss out in so many products and have to buy online instead
I'm hoping it doesn't cost me a win like the almost upset cost my Eagles the win
I just spent an hour in picking out picture frames
someone go get something to eat w me
Episode 505 ~ They way she just pulls him into her arms and his adorable little smile they make me so weak I
shoutout to Carlos mom for the menudo
My whole weekend has been spent moving furniture... and we STILL not done. muhfuckn tied!
Where my sweater at cold
Just trying to get thru the day Oloni ffs
Wow the time is dragging like brazy & I just wanna get outta here on god
thats why i did it before too i got so confused
And I rlly wish Starkville had a so I can get rid of a lot of this stuff
I want a goth gf always been the goth gf and I want one of my own
Who me? Naw! Old and ugly I am!
She even cook a good Sunday dinner
huy im still sleepy
i have no 60-70 clothes .. just 90-100 clothes
Weekends go by too fast
bout to crash any min 5:30 hurry up !!!
Finally Stop Being Scared & Tried This Dark Burgundy Blunt Cut
thanks, keep that in mind next assignment! just really want to be rid of this one
Use to love that game Hahaha no way
we speak too fast
always traffic going to the westbank
I feel your pain
Get to my lil baby ace
Someone please fill me in on what happened with brother nature? been rooting for yo
TWITTER RELOADED
follow me
Always the thumbs that go first with gel nails
Wys THE BOYS LOOKED BETTER THAN THE GIRLS
Edna maybe we can work some things out.
My sisters have carried South Korean dramas and music on their respective heads and I feel left out.
There's nobody to play with.
Forcing yourself to eat has got to be the most annoying thing. I need the gains but so full.
We needed an extra day
no inbetween in my room. either freezing with no heating on or like a sauna when it is on
Cooking dinner instead of getting takeout even though I'm exhausted after work...
omg i just tried to of course find it online and nothing looked as amazing as the one you got.
I need Michael Thomas to do something right now
the side of my stomach hurt so bad
ugh really ready to get off
oh lord
I love Savannah. She woke me up & said you want some Good Eatins. Ok it was Sunday
the ones that feel expensive
Since bout to over do Canada Goose. I found this new cute ass coat. Omg. and it none of business as to what it is.
Ugh Louis is such a precious soul
lrt nme lowkey shading jls they don't deserve this slander
I will always choose you even though kapoy na ug sakit na
I have no energy to do anything today
Bruh, let me carry you quick times, DM your epic games ID
thanks queen
gonna be something I constantly worry about and I hate that
gone have to block you in order to stay skinny
people do say it. they just crying on the inside the whole time.
I need a Clarence in my life
awwwr look for it, find you
This weekend lasted 30 minutes. not ready for tomorrow
everything aches working full time is long af, no thank you
I just want to take a nap but I need to finish this homework
rather be
I hate wen the cowboys not on tv
ummmmm Brussels sprouts are good
is giving me straight Natalie Dormer vibes in these pics...as Fessy would say SHEEESH!
ho in mente Sweet Caroline di Neil Diamond?
All my friends really been missing me lately and i feel so bad about never having time.
We are still recovering from the last post...you've given us another again
hungry but idk what I want to eat
mcaughman97 pls
Nicole Scherzinger out here doing Yogurt commercials??
Kittle is literally our only hope
seafood
not going to happen? ok
her tattoos
been wanting crab legs for weeks now
Yess tired
Oh no imagine wizzy in your mentions
I'm so ready to eat omgggg
Sir you know broken until you have an Apple employee tell you your phone is a lost cause
you know this is me
I eaten anything all day starving
Nice lil relaxing Sunday...i need some wine
annoyed
How I use to run through people on the field back in the day
Yoooo was this in NYC cause I legit remember running from the bar to dance to this
PLEASE I CAN'T BREATHE if only this was the actual song
i feel bad this guy at had to change my battery out in this heat & was so nice about it
It says succ
wait for to come back on
so tired
My make up came out so bad today. Can i just go home now
South Wales is dead my Friend.
so freaking tempted to skip school today
can I just find me a boyfriend
always craving on
hope the skins fold
Limited Quantities Available.
ORDER HERE:
Perfect for your family members
I seen my tambito in about 2 weeks. I miss her
House wife
so excited to get in bed
Mom saw me naked
so tired
Someone actually told me this before about me
Because nobody (people I like) wants to believe single
I used to game on my belly in bed all the time. Now if I do I spend three days unable to look left without it hurting
You right
Cars*
How does one nicely get off the phone with an old person
we need to get louis on strictly or the bakeoff
I wish I was spending this beautiful Sunday with you
gabselin did 0 retweets for face reveal and you did 15 for rick roll
earthquake
Headaches are the worst
Any little thing irritates me & I really hate it
Wow this makes me so happy an art major right now so I get your love of art Tae
When my boyfriend stressed
2014 night changes zayn does something to me oh my gAWD
I think about changing my major a lot but came too far and I really wanna finish what I started but hard
I keep thinking today is Monday
Trying to wake my girl up cause I miss annoying her
This is bad
Is it time for another holiday yet?
Owe some cheese to be exact
man, i really love Target
where can i get some knee high boots from?
When your boyfriend is super lit at a party with his friends and he calls bc he misses you
shrimp, steak and a loaded bake potato sounds good asf right now
This large blueberry slush w/strawberries from sonic so dam good
I was tired of walking in my heels , why this nice gentleman carried me the rest of the way .
cold
My heart is so happy!
Cute
My homeboy started a clothing company right and my cousin husband stole his idea and started a website
On becoming by
cranberry juice
Ill bust u out bae
My nephew is 6 years old and everyday he tells me about New Mexico so I move
Ugh her skin, her mind, her power God did not have to flex this hard when he made me!
Turkey ground meat is good tho
somebody bring me food to the library
it well awks when you know been deleted and their story is on your subscriptions
Some banana pudding would be so bomb right now
Nah imagine being that effortlessly beautiful
I hate having a day off with no plans because Kye has to sleep all day and I get so bored
Despite the hearts, nicki giving me that girl sit down look.
I smoke a half a day wtf Is to me
Dear myself, please be consistent with your weekly plan
definitely not eating turbos no time soon I forgot what those do to my stomach an I was drinking talk about morning after recovery
Right
the hate you give was sooo good!
Princess looks so stinking cute in her Halloween costume
I stream service today
i love steve madden i boudt got every style of shoe he came out with .
like button for comments is way too small man, accidentally liked way too many comments while scrolling
Poor lil whiney snowflakes act like a bunch of a$$holes and then cry when people call them on their crap. Too effing bad!!!
so outshape that 40 minute jog kilt me
I work 40+ hrs a week and the weekend enough for me to do what I need to do so plz excuse me if not on my phone as much
Midweek biffs a thing of the past now
I make no less than 8,000$ a month at my job and I fucking love it
I feel my feet.
Yes with socks is so much comfortable
I wanna go on a cruise
Wow. I have no control today
If you a guy & you my friend, randomly confess your like/love for me
i have so many old food pics on fb i'm so hungry now she made these for the fam too
finally turning 21 next waited long enough
You know what I had in a disrespectfully long time????
Crab legs
Need some cherryade in my life
At that darn football game in Daytona
this fuckin cat is the cause of my anxiety
Trying a new nail shop today guys pray for me.
Oh boy I wait
not pretending!!! I am a slave to the system and I know it!
you be my plug ? I just need some love
Salt and bone is closing down today
Craving steak tips from long horn
I need more boxes
ughh, talking to you is just everything
Sleep deprivation is taking its toll on me ahorita
I actually really love doing laundry one of those chores that relaxes me. But not here in NY / an apartment building lol
Only I would sit here and eat mash potatoes by itself
spent so much money eating out this week so now my friends turn lol *sends cash app request to everyone for sushi *
So we gone act like Jacquees YOU a wholeeeeee ass vibe???
Up With The is my shit
unuh just feel that again?
Really when I gotta go too work
Yes Please
Oh bby I have! And I loveeeeed it!! I was actually sad that it only had 8 episodes
Do I have to Monday tomorrow?
So glad we closed on Mondays
Oga everything no stewww
Literally just working my way through this been watching the investigation today too
I want some seafood
Deadass And you wanna hurt your partner. You want to be a burden to them either.
Shoulda hit sixflags today
No TV moment has ever broke my heart as much as this, still sobbing
Made us believe we had an uncle in the furniture business, kantsi cha!
I missed out , again
And i felt slight tremors like 15mins ago eno but i thought my mind was playing with me cz i bn feelin them now & agn
Fuck!
so invisible in my house my mom just walked right past my room as she asked my brother where I was. Lmao I
Damn Twitter exposed some wild tweets that were posted form Brother account
Unreal it baffles me still
Told myself do twists for the next couple months but already missing my wigs
Back to work tomorrow
What the hell, Defense?!? You ruined a perfectly good goose egg!
Want someone to see Halloween with, most of my friends into scary movies
Exhausted
stop being an eediat tomorrow, new week new me
I really want starbucks but Im not down for the drive
I need for someone to go & see the new with me ...
Fran my heart hurts
heart? ... keep drinking those damn
:/
Take my ass with you , tired too boss
Rewatching and realized that the statues move
I feel naked without earrings and no necklace on
Ladies and gentlemen; I present to you a queen. Join me as I bask in her beauty
What the fuck is going on today LOL
Yes me too I figured it was because I had a csection but I think so . It even hurts to stand up long
Spencer or Carmie cant choose
I know screwed when like are single! never find someone the way I look.
you be my plug? Aye
You could be the one,
My mood forreal when i hear this song
My baby went back home with his dad and idk how to feel its my first time without my baby
Why is this so true
That jacket in your avi cute as hell!! Had a plaid skirt that woulda matched perfectly w it
i wish i read that tweet earlier
My legs and left arm are dying... love serving
I want some but feel like driving out west
Bought Lena some Paw Patrol yogurt and even more obsessed with yogurt
I can't I'm just gonna try to fall asleep
going to keep tweeting about CC dads till one sliding through my
Then the ones talking even go to school
How many times must we watch the same song and dance in different clothes before we admit these people are all played out
my eye irritating me shit swollen
Same... I have school tomorrow after three weeks of holidays
I really hope get tickets
thank you so much...
Wish I could retweet this love you foreverrrr
I hate to admit it but he owns my damn life THIS IS LEGIT SO CUTE
Lmao this dude that use to make fun of me call me ugly & shit in middle school is in my ugly ass. Love that for me
I wish
it always feels good to get back on a bike sometimes i wish i never stopped
Walking into a dirty room that I have to clean
11. lemme work on actually getting a date and then ill come back to u
One thing MFS can count on is I will not b having ANYMORE kids
Lmaooooo it safe out here!
cant wait to see ye
I want ice cream
Work really got me exhausted atp im just ready to face and go to bed
has to sponsor me. never not eating it
I feel good at all been throwing up
Hey already hard enough being gluten free, now I have to pay $11.89 for a loaf of your bread ?? Come on
lol i have a real phobia of heights... i like when my man (or anyone) picks me up. gives me the worst anxiety
I hate myself
All my best friends are getting their first love back and just waiting on mine to unblock me
yes soon! I have 2 more exams this wednesday
I hope so but at edge with this shit fr but I dont wanna be a quitter
And to think i went through this
really kinda fuckin wit his vibe
I want braids now
so neat I have to organize my groceries in the cart I hate just throwing everything in there smashing shit
Oweeee give me someone like This Guy
Yes I feel the pain! hurts to stand, sit, bend over, everything!
I need Cheesecake Factory
I use to love these bitches
I have to write 10 essays by tomorrow
Why do I procrastinate
Can I go home now?
My family catch a break bro
No matter what day or time it is, always going down at Walmart. I just want to get a heater
I been down so bad just wait on my come up tho
what is the beauty from grandma when she careful you
My god saving all ours mums and ours grandma
I even care about my fantasy today
Gotta be gone be ok. Toughen up
So hype for mix to drop tonight !!
Daddy
seeing a dude so in love with his girl >>>
If only I was going
Honestly I am so over my economics exams and I even done it yet
Hate the fall and winter time
need to link man
I get so excited everytime I buy something new from Sephora
I need to hear it
Now I wanna go to the fair
we need to score on this drive
Will this hungover ever go away
I already got my team or I would
Fun Going Out Of Town Until You Have To Drive Home
Reminds Me Of A Late Childhood Friend That Got Hit By A Car Crossing The Road From Stealing These ..
My manager asked me to stay and close
so it's not me seeing things my poor baby
Been wanting to get my hair done by you in general
Get out of my brain Bianca
Had A Pretty Good Day With Work.
i have yet to carve a pumpkin & go see the new halloween movie & im upset about it
I eat all day
same
I put him in my lineup over Watkins.
my dad and bailey left me in the haunted maze last night and i will never trust them again..
Now would be a good time to win a trip to Disney Having major withdrawals!!
RT theyCraveBarbie: Goddess has a massive migraine & I will not be too active today/tonight.
the only way you
I'm wanting some Mexican food so bad rn
Nooooothing is sexier than a nice beard and arms that are covered in tats. Makes me weaaaaak
log back into my Facebook, which is probably a good thing.. I need my pictures and stuff tho
Im a fucking hoe These bitches love me and I love em.
I really hope 2019 is my year because I have another year like this
involuntarily dedicated my entire weekend to doing my hair, dont try out DIY guys. issa trap that one
Monday is here again
Yas Lord!! Almost thought he add we need this!!
would like some help undoing my hair please
coming
lol had to start over
Mother Nature just got my emotions EVERY WHERE
a fucking hoe
sheesh ima be hurt all this time
Our family having season tickets since 1965 has taken 15yrs off my life
lastnight was so lit
I really need a ride or die gyal
I been wanting a blunt so bad lately
My mom has not left me alone about A.
Wow I cannot wait to go to FOMO Factory.
Never understood why people have to have their so loud
Me feel sorry fi anybody son who a try look me... mad, sick, head nuh good at all
Ugh so good to be home after a long day
My grandma really came over and made pozole
Doing the GTT test and sheesh there has got to be a better way than starving and draining blood from poor pregnant ladies
The Hate U Give was sooooo gooood i cried like 10 times
let's get this bred
So many notifications & I realize, my life goin
my ears and throat hurt
Clarence would post after I left my house. I be home until late tonight
I need a new icon, anyone open for trades?
a bit like Bobby coming out of the fridge in Home and Away (YouTube it) and now I sleep. Thanks guys
Hnnnggggg why are they extra cute
God is coming for his world. not ready though
I wait to get my regular-irregular albums oof I wanna know whose photo cards I get
can someone have a costume party next weekend i want to dress up lol
All the time the worst but a huge help
But I also have to fold clothes and wash more
Forreal. always scared they gon drop me short. meant to stay closer to the ground!
Being called good
Do not bring it up pls I hated that song skskskksks
Bout to pop out with bestie this weekend get lit, turn heads, and step on a few toes
my baby wore red for me
you need to heal up and come back
the line for the canes in menifee wraps around the whole parking lot bruh
Yea I want ice cream
so over working like this the day I feel the laziest
dog in a movie: [dies]
me: I told you to go right
I have to be at work ima hour
Well falling asleep after my dinner was a bad idea Wide awake now
got paid last week and am genuinely skint already cant afford life
Idk if I should take on that project home or not
what I said
Work in a few
Idk why it bothers me so much when ppl take pictures and their background is messy af
I miss you guys
too early
I wanna study I probably either
Assdffgjjjkl I'm sorry for being an ass then
This is why this/heard this and thought of always warms my heart
I know
Wait... what??
The emporio Armani is $269
Omg i am just now seeing this
yes. Maybe they will translate and let it out japan
They know how good they got it we all learn not to take them for granted eventually
Aaliyah falling asleep watching cartoons,&& smoking a gar suppose to be folding clothes
I hope we have sembreak
I need a new job like now
Im too far from my mommy
Tink is so underrated
Superhuman came on last night & ONCE AGAIN I have anyone to sing to
bitch why is today such a good day the catch !
fuck !! i cant wait !!!
Look how old they all are I hope he gets to spend some
these wisdom teeth hurting
OKAY, VOCALS!
Somebody come help me shoot this video
Bad bunny killeddddd it last night holy shit so much fun
When he tells me to come over dressed all comfy and cozy AND with no makeup on all about the natural & comfy look
I hate waiting for results
Everybody BUT You... feeling impatient
pair well with crippling anxiety and procrastination
someone pls help me
They say long distance never works but here to prove the naysayers wrong
Aww thank you beautiful
i saw her profile n she said she was going to die today.... is it true?
I'm about to roll one, I'm trapped in my thoughts
I need to get up and wash and stop playing
I hate because when I have so much catching up to do
How I feel everyday
ok cause I wanna get ice cream.
I really want something spicy
so grumpy today
They all scare the living daylights out of me
Man, your white people are as bad as our white people.
Nooo I ready for episode to be over
love this... sounds magical
I can deal with hurricanes, but not earthquakes
Kindness is so attractive such a sucker for sweethearts I swear
bbq today & boy do I miss hamburgers
Buggie yoy I cant gain weight
The Birthday Vlog Clare did for Queen is AMAZING over here crying
Diet starts (again) tomorrow going to try this Ketosis diet thing
No more bread, beer and potatoes
literally always been like this omg my lil hearT
I wait man
All good things
how many twitters you got
Sunset is at 6:19pm!
when I tell my phone be drier than the back of ya throat when you sleep with ya mouth open with the fan on
one of my faves but I respect it!
I just want a sugar daddy who give me a $100,000.00 yearly allowance
!!!!! So tired of being the ugly friend
Yeah time does go by too fast I can't believe our girl is gonna be 26 in one month
Almost 30 and still single
It's killing me
Sige ramig interact sa social media labaw nas personal. Wa gihapun ta sumhi sa each other noh??? Miss you
boy where is 7 , dying of starvation !
really went in on ! sad ! He have to talk about her like that. I mean he talked talked about her
this vanilla bean smells sooo good
Sadie & Hudson give me baby fever like no other
I cannot wait to move like I love decorating. I see so much stuff I wanna get & I already started buying stuff
Good form , Chun swae , Hardwhite , GB & R&H .. that was hard af
No no no what did brother nature do im afarid to search
It's been five days since I checked my email
Damn I really fit in a medium anything anymore ima large ass bitch :/
This guy is a certified creep on law and order
I had to go to my dads earlier for some stuff but so bummed i work tonight! I want to see all you guys soon
bae comes homw next week.
I miss my mom
Oh come on I wait another week!
Canes me please
I really wanna listen to music right now, but the headphones, bruh wya
You stoooop I breathe when /that/ attractive!!!
so powerful
gillian is famous (also how does this sound rude? literally a joke)
Damn been deceived
I cried
A nigga will hurt you/dog you out.. then play the victim MENTAL ILLNESS
God really just a try give we couple hints and you guys continue to take it for a joke something big is coming, unu stay deh
I wanna go to
i needa get some food cus hungry
I really have to start eating healthy consistently
Gawwwwwddd I take all this LOVE !
Earthquake
rather be walking my dog and enjoying the weather right now
I love my hair played w. . I sit n mess w it and so fucking relaxing
On my way to get my good dick now like it's Sunday dinner
Why all the cute girls live in Cali?
I want some Waffle House
current mood
My neighbor really inconsiderate, got music blasting woke me right up so erked
Ajssjskkddk. Jason because his face is covered
adulting tf easy but my faith is strong i let up
Just searched my username and sensitive topics and deleted all them tweets can't let y'all put sand sand in my
The haunting of hill house got me freaking out
home ?? I need to get some homework done
Same sis. Same
Since Isaac put me on some beautiful lamb chops, been eating it for like 2weeks straight.
I actually believe that people are getting all raging about ZOFLORA being sold out stop the world I want to get off
I follow you but I will block you right now
I actually hate night shifts..my body clock is a mess
You telling the audience to pick up Joe Flacco
I need a pet
Someone help a girl out with some tickets
I jumped over the bar so fast... I was shocked... never knew I had hops like that
Lol that phone save you
Man if not one thing another
is there more to it? I mean reset 5 times. I just want my Broadsword
i need to get another tattoo real soon
I want some pound cake
Quien me a beber frappeeeeee?
i have told my dad no less than three times that i am getting back to cov for half 11, why is he texting me now asking u nearly
Nah those MOVES
It's cold af outside. I need more liquor
Studying stats is sooo frustrating
Woke up from a two hour nap wanting some soul food
love a full nights sleep! feel like I have a newborn again praying my 2 year old sleeps through
I HATE tweets about Somalia and Somaliland
I should have never got a card, I be doing so much online shopping lmao.
trying to use my unidays, extra 10% off sale items discount and not updating the final total. Help
He know about to be suspended
Everyone is seeing and holding my chunky little man, so jealous
Stuck inbetween cutting my hair and letting it grow longer
I really want to go back to makkah
Yo can it be x-mas yet
I be tripping sum times i just gatta have everything my way
Sushi would be bussin right now
I Need Some Sex Bobby Brown And Janet Had Wen She Had To Make Up For Not Accepting That Car
i wanna announce my pregnancy around this time next year
Lmaooo you been messing with me all week shit tho
bway stans: omg isaac is going to get addicted to nicotine someone tell him to stop using a juul!!!!
me: has
SAME ugh ill just watch porn to divert my mind
I HATE tweets about Somalia vs Somaliland
Anybody wanna go to the fair and get some food?
i never been so hungry in my life
She always been my woman crush
my salads be bomb asf
Working 3rd shift the next couple days
Need to work on my Christmas list
every time i wake up this nigga gone and idk how i be knowing because i be laying on him
Get a wig ! The bleach is gunna fuck your hair up
as if he be more papi
Wish she could give me a back rub rn
Cramps got me feeling like having contractions
Sunday's the best day, why does it go so quick
literally feel sick to my MF stomach
Like this shit is so ugly
I been so sleepy lately
I think they locked the laundry room too now tho
My phone be dry as shit dawg .
I showed my black ass this weekend My head just stopped hurting
I was supposed to be mad productive today, cook dinner, laundry, hair, homework. I haven't done anything.
just knowing that he gone forever is really breaking my heart this month has been so painful for me .
I swear you know what you have til gone I miss living less than 5 min away. I feel like having a Sunday funday!
just patiently waiting for BMTH to finish their new album
On gawd mayne niggas b tawkin lyke dey on sum rehl dum shi I swer bruh ion get it
This shit feels like teenage fever
22 pilots yikes thought you guys had better taste
Thank you! trynna glow like you
Headache
AJEPA CHE TAVY
Nah wtf did I just read Chief
getting rid of this gut b/c too hard to lose just your stomach without losing everything else too
Were my commerce people at i need some folks to turn up with this week
Protect him at all costs. This is adorable.
I want a smothered pork chop so bad
Then you get these people that say seventy eight thousand, fifty four,
can someone just PLEASE help me
Things were so rocky but forever greatful for my guy long time coming now
I REALLY wish kris was here so I could send him to get me food like the good old days
I track my tags on Tumblr& as corny as it sounds comments like this really make my day so thank you to anyone
These supreme frost highlighters are looking so good I might just have to dip into my savings to get one ..
Before the drunken escapades
Yes papas we are
Bruh the defense is a beast
I just wanna fuck for the rest of the dayyyy
Just watched weekend league rewards pack opening video on YouTube, I really do feel sorry for him! That's worse luck than me
so happy this nigga let me drown in the tub last night I was way too
I with Uber eats today.
I'll never be that good, or slim I've
when you find out lmk
Same sis
leave New York any day to live in a home like this, my goal
I wanna go to the fair
NO NO NO NO NO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! Crybaby is in the house. not a good sign
Thank you i needed this
everything is still frozen guess I gotta go out to eat tonight
I need to wash my hair
I been this way
starting november gonna start wearing braids for a whole year
What she said please dears
I need new music fr
Vegas tomorrow
Shut up lmao FAAAR from fat
Done nothing but sleep all day and now not tired
Lamar Jackson got a real nigga though
wait to get to Iceland. I miss Bre.
I wish I was working with
I cant wait until im just happy
Did not realise that going from having YouTube premium for 4 months to not having it would be this painful
Yeah and playing some other shit lol I checked every fox channel & nothing
Whew chile , these eyebrows
almost that time
so. fucking. cute
tired asl ready to home smoke n play 2k
Gear up next Sunday
21 pilots yikes.. thought you guys had better taste
In need of a mani and pedi
Why does God keep placing these no good wave headed dudes in my life know I don't need that .
So u got word I deal back wit homie now u Dnt want to b a dad again how sway
Prayin for you bb
this is like the thousandth time I watch Titanic and now that older I feel it more and I stop crying
Lmao and if I say no... definitely I shit to him
stop it
Alejandro and couple costume were cutest
I really wish Darryl was here to see this child of his sauced up just like him, attitude & personality just
text me back
I think I need to be single for a while
I have a huge girl crush on Oreka Godis
Aww lady neither do I I just want a weekend where I can sleep and rest
Wow you look like you could give me a dollar rn
This is so sad.
no mames you go based off of 1 tournament smh and if the case ter stergen even play in the World Cup
how is my sis turning 5 soon
He Makes My Heart Melt
I wanna take a trip
I had one of the best dreams last night
It be this hard for every mom to get their 10 yr old son to study.
Currently listening to King new song (Malwedhe) and going in
This thread makes me nerves but super happy everything worked out for you
i even here when you were added. both just being gross right now.
I read novels
They look stressful lmfaooooo
It's legit now. I'm never drinking again for real
bad bitch
Joc really back in Texas.
Them homemade mashed potatoes be sooooo good
Omg I know I miss you so much
Oh hello Mother you make my heart skip a beat everytime
I have biggest crush on this beautiful woman stop
what kept us alive those 4 days
I wish one of my friends have a baby
Idk where have them at here
Every time I want to get VBucks for a skin my store is empty
This is tooooo much beauty in one simple picture. My heart take it
making that move tomorrow on my way back to Oxford
Vh1 is literally playing all me & my mom fave movies I miss my mom
Why go on a business dinner when you can just shoot an email
I want to be there!!!
soooo ready to eat
I missed up my shirt I was suppose to wear now i got to change the whole outfit
I miss sourpatch so much he was my boyfriend in my head for them 4months
This my favorite emoji
So Heart Warming to Hear My Voice!
Aww lady neither do I I just want a weekend where I can sleep and rest
ighbjh the heart wants what it wants yk
Who working w/ really makes or breaks your shift. Cbaaaaa with bossy bitches
Best thing ever
I want a baby
Damn I wish really wish I was going to the game Friday
Aww my baby I hope you feel better soon !!!!
really looking at him like is my
one thing that makes me cringe is when a dude post fake jewelry and really flex like the shits real
My phone just made those movies from all my pics of Niko and I stop crying I love my gordis
actually sweating. FUCKING OCTOBER!!!
Miss It x Yung Bleu still go hard
Not ready to have morning classes mon-thurs gonna live off coffee
Alina always think some shit funny bitch never serious
Take me back
Ride me harder when we fuck because getting numb to the feeling YUH
Well we suck again against the ravens I get it
Someone hook me up with tickets for Friday . I hate being a broke bitch but all of my money goes towards my kids and gas
in my future baby daddy DM
What have we become
Somebody go to the bar
dying low key
You're one of the most consistent people I've ever met. Khandisulele
I really love kids
4. Mas mid-seasons
emotional labor
Yesssss I just love being in my bed period
ate all day omg
i need to learn a soft/natural makeup look and how to do my eyebrows!!
I still have a headache
I really want some wine rn but wanna drive no where
Kuphi la , I just met a really nice guy so hoping Satan stays away cause I see something in him
hormonal and Cafe Blue have any carrot cake but on the brightside, I look cute today and settled for an eclair.
hi im oof and im bi so why don't you hop in my dms
I need a night out so bad
Ill be here king
Horny as fuk need entertaining
the baby fever is real like reallllll bad , and this is from all ages babies to 3+ idk why but I love them stressed out and all
Ohmagad bruh I need to get a hobby my life is so boring, I need something new man
full as hell nap time
not at the end yet but heard far too many people say this
The food was so good
My grandma threw down , in the kitchen
Ugh i already have my appointment
I struggle on a Monday when we win a 3pm Saturday game.
wait for tomorrow.
Girl same ole same ole but getting better, i guess all that matters I miss you can we do a lunch date soon
Listen !! I totally understand
A mood with my man
Nola me please
so indecisive when time to get food
I hate anemic, shaking the theater
This thread makes me nervous but super happy everything worked out for you
Now I wanna be loved on
Ima ask my mom to pay for my hair I hope she say yes
But I miss NY, job decisions will be hard
After working out I just ate a sandwich
Sunday scaries r in full effect
This happened to me 3 or 4 times this splatfest
My god blesses me even when I deserve it and for that thankful
really cooking Sunday dinner at 6pm lol we gone eat til late
The accuracy!
decide if I wanna grow my hair out like this or cut it
I just need a vacation, massage, & 1 mil to drop in my bank account
I know i should
My boss is my top person on WhatsApp because I always begging to go to work on weekends even though I have work on weekends
sitting here patiently waiting on my food
Alex Smith OMG
i took a few thanks girllll
I really wanna go out tho
I just fully welled up remembering Vincent. The ending to that episode was truly beautiful
I will be there hopefully next weekend
Grabe naman to
Me too
Lai lai. This a grown ass man
Lmaoo only 20
Bitch If I Ever Got A Handwritten Love Letter From A Nigga .... Omg
Omg not going to be able to stop thinking about this now. How sad
I feel personally attacked jk I need a therapist too!
This is so cute
5 Items $100.45
yeooooooo Domooooo comeee here sisss let me friend you
I had a fried chuleta in monthssssss or pork in general for that matter.
I need a hot bath with alcohol and epsom salt
I know what to do!! Scout keeps pooping and weeing on the deck now worried if we lock her downstairs
so pretty! omg crazy how God do that?
Jeff Heath
I just cried Chloee ft me and said I miss you my baby is getting so big omg
I deserve better .... and to the point scared I will not find none but I deserve better
not to sound white but venom by eminem is actually good
I need a full body massage after today
yall just go if you're gonna keep doing this shit to me
his eyes ! he is the cutest
this song tho
big mad my abuela let me get an emotionalsupport animal
omg same
Last night was so popping idek how I made it to work
i was cleaning it!
zero progress pa ko, and it's 6:05 MONDAY
I hate when I find any shoes to go w something trying to wear
Sunday.....Sadday, sad that tomorrow is fucking Monday again
ya body is here but your mind is somewhere else
Peterson is still nasty
I believe my sister turns 16 growing up
Nah twas an aunty
Bruh not Brother Nature
My benjee bear not gonna be fluffy anymore
Every week I get a pint of cake batter icecream from Woodside creamery. really my child
I still gotten a Halloween costume maybe I be dressing up this year .
so ready to decorate our home, renovations need to hurry up
Yes I fit shit & im be back in my regular size when I drop
I wanna go to a restaurant but ALL three ppl I know are busy
Good morning
this lay up weather is in full effect
Her laugh is so pure I love it !! I miss CaptainSwan so much
idk why rushing life but so ready to have a career, have my own house, and come home to my husband every day
Not even surprised. You could see it by his body language feel better, Eden
My here right now Hooyah
it feels good to be an expert
sorry but the girl work look way out of sorts
I do notttttt feel like making ths drive back home
I miss this boy so much
Love
/
_/||
That
\
|| \_
A massage sounds so good rn
I seriously just wanna go to the hospital
I really did my thing on this food, now I got the itis
Exactly my brother, Something has to shake...We have to make a move!
talking to the twins and said wish I can go in the sky & save uncle Hoddy &
Here Khalid goes...making us all up in our feelings out of nowhere.
Thought it was just me
5&1/2 months 3&1/2 left
Tryna relate right now
Rooney: Legend. But how good is that play from Acosta insane
im throwing elbows and all for lil mama
Wowwww! and even if you have the CD, who uses CD players anymore
What the fuckkkkk everyone else on the plane dead silent are a bunch of c*nts too
this help me
I miss va cuhhhh !!!! never thought I would fr !
yw and you need to upload or sum! I love that bob on you
Being sick is really triggering my online shopping addiction
Backshots? No Bih used to be eating the head board. I was having hot flashes
8 days until Vegas! I need this trip so bad
Man I need to be back in Greenville. January where you at
Our plastic gun was everything
I want a djm-900 and 2 cdjs
you have to try so good
Damn baby girl I feel you on this one. make you a new salad if I could
wait one minute
I like really want ice cream
Oh happy birthday sweetie you are the best interior designer Iloveyou
so happy and content w my life, like wow jus wow
this curry shrimp + crab legs >
craving for 12pcs Fry hard Harolds W/ Extra Mild sauce & Lemon Pepper on it with some GingerAle New Flavor
tired of overnights
yesss!!!
Same tol good luck satin
eating pineapples, drinking a mint julip, and spending time with my boo paradise WHO
is pissing me off
My sister really did a good job with my niece birthday party proud of her
i have dealt w this shit for 20 years
The little kids known for over a decade at my church are now like high schoolers/middle growing up
Omg the hangover is reeeeal
This game is stressing me out
This guy was a Kansas Jayhawk
This is so wrong
so upset yet still stopped for his fans bless his heart hope they gave him love
PND2 just does something to me
I have to finish my homework by Wednesday so I can go out Saturday
The struggle of
Double response holy desperate
I did sis I just text you again though.
Well the show tomorrow should be eventful...
Can i please keep this cat?
If you gotta block people who you talk to, you are clearly bothered as hell..! Just keep it moving weird af
This is so different for me!
absolutely right. I need to constantly tell myself this
done took a nap & my damn head still hurting
just notice me already urgh
my toota boota getting so
she be making that shit look so good
I look at myself and see all my flaws. Ppl loook at me and think so pretty so weird
Me:
My brain: I on the beat as well
No drinks for me for awhile
Ive been eating like a pig
sooo hard to tell some fam and friends they see my baby yet like dang lol when she sick who gotta deal with it
THIS IS ME
I stand a bitter bitch
I need less cheese and will be perfect!!!
ALREADY THE END... IM CRYIMG, THANK YOU
wait.
It was a tweet
Got like a 8 hour drive home pray for me I hate the freeway
Jus getting off
This bitch gave me C an D and Halloween candy !!! only one person
I wanna go to a pumpkin patch
Yup.. Always the wrong way
PLEASE FANTAGIO I'm from PH and I'm not happy with what the other "fans" are doing. MIIGB cast (esp Eunwoo) and
The Ravens are good
These reads
Yea I barely call or text anyone give me a few days u snitch
engaged
Damn
Lmao it happens so much
I just wanna be vibing to Martin Garrix with a can
I wish i thought about it this morning, but I wanna cook some red beans
Oh happy birthday sweetie you are the best interior designer Iloveyou
My phone been dry af lately. Mostly cuz this man hates texting but also because lost all the juice...
How and where do I sign up?! I feel like there is MUCH that I can learn from you
I know but still
Benching Marlon Mack
Cat families be too much for my heart!
Monday coming at me like the Bent Neck lady came for Nell
Tired
3 more hours
Yea never having kids, I been watching ki kids for 10min & ready to pull my hair out & these dogs making it no better
No but fr, cause I miss you
Damn la mafia or the fair
Ikr
all perfection, just like Tyler and Josh.
I just need some dick I just need some love tired of fucking with these lame niggas baby I just need a thug
I sit here and pretend like his videos one of the highlights of my day. I hope he gets his act together.
I go to kaiser
I just had a chocolate bar before going to bed starving at midnight sucks
This is what trying to tell my husband
i need a new black leather jacket but idk where a get it from .
Im still not dressed thats what the henny will do to you
Should I leave my plugs out and just buy weights or put them back in? Someone help. trying to get to an but just not happening
legit hollering how do you guys come up with this ?
me: h-
twitter: look, I STILLL pinky promisei just have really bad trust issues call me childish if you
Lemme leave this convo then lol.
If Mason Messiah ever try it, cause I know he will but whew Chile
okay so i thought i was the only one who believed they had lmfao
Tell me about it
Lol ian got to that part yet ik its coming tho im not ready
This is squad goals. tryna sit naked in bed with all my brothers
Fuck some baby fever I got house fever I WANT A MF HOUSE
I want the episodes in video form
Now just laying by myself
my attitude has gotten so much worse because of the job... CAREER ME PLEASE
Sj living her best life in Florida right now
Jasmiah got me wanting to straighten my hair
Females Who Use G, BRO, FAM And MY NIGGA On The Regular Beat On Niggas
This one
Dang I want some chick fil a
Okay I finished it....I have so many questions
When I get to do nothing at that exact moment kid free, then I minest well do nothing at all I
Ready to get this move over with! grateful for this opportunity though
even start !! It was massive okay!! I was absolutely petrified!!
I want something sweet
Might fuck around & buy one tomorrow. I need to make one but I need a bomb recipe, not sweet potato pie is good
Thought I was the only one who noticed this
I want some crab legs
Im watching womens rugby because the fucking red button isnt working
This Shit Just Made My Stomach Hurt
Future
Who past epp
This Winter Not Finna Play With Us
really want to get my nails done
always trying them out
she just told me gotta give me a rain check cuz home with a sick kid
really want to get my nails done
want some ice creammm
inactivity leans to forgetting... trust me on that
aye forget about thanksgiving even though i be able participating
I wanna learn to play the piano now
It is. He was like 14 tho. Little boy being a jackass. Idk i feel like from what seen, he
Important something
Bruh been in pain since yesterday this shit sucks
I gotta stop telling my daddy (parents for that matter) everything
so easily distracted
LOOOOL, what's the problem?
really want a promise ring
This nigga fine as hell for no reason...
it going to pick all the issues Wednesday!!!! I was trying to wait til trade!!!
Trying to plan my sons birthday now cause time flys and its right around the corner
I came back!!
it was last minute understand
I wanna go to the fair
I know. tryna see something.
Omg butters high af for and my brother want 6 inches like wtf them mf 200 damn near
I always miss my cousin birthday
start now I promise
I hate mondays
Wow I feeling driving these two hours back home
Not in the right mind frame for ppl to be fckn with me
What a very very very very very very busy week ahead. Here's to more packed up week
I know somebody on this campus has batteries
I hit legs way too hard today
going to be an Aunty and actually so overwhelmed
About to do laundry ...
tired.
Being so busy over the weekend missed things with the Voltron rp accounts and all these good arts
From Greensboro to Charlotte, from Charlotte to Mebane and then back to Greensboro. Chileee
Lord please let this weather stay longer than a couple days
I didn't think anyone could be worse than Lewis G but we were so wrong
I almost put this on my snap but I forgot a certain someone watches my story
Update: Derriyus did it for me
be back till Thursday and i only have 265 in tips left until then.. omg also addicted to Money
Weeks are flying by need a big win for Christmas asap
i be working toooooo much
I feel so bad for whoever gonna be my bf in the future like so over-protective... ima wanna be all up on
Cause I need somebody who will stand by meeeee
really wish somebody would bring me some food
going to school already and my club is at 10 am pa someone have breakfast w me pls
What hours is it?
I was so busy at the time I see her
TANGINAAAAA PAPASOK NANAMAN AAAAA
I can't do this man I JUST CANT FUCCING DO THIS
actually hurt. is performing tonight but not 21
Alarm set for 5:30am, first day back will be a hard one
Bored asf
Nap was just epic
So I just found $25 . Today is going great
I done a 10 hr shift in a long time! I missed this i hate small hours.
Naw Chief a moment of silence for all my mans out there named Google Home
Awwwww I swear this is so cute
Bro I won, the even over and I get anything
omg all my fault nickis mad at me
I have such a busy week ahead of me. not mentally prepared
We had so much fun last night
Way too hard
Still crazy how we seen our old coach last night with her bump bump
i love Ms.Katie you type fast , too fast .. too muchyyy
i cannot wait!!
Please God let this happen. I need a good suppose cause January is too far away
I need a vacay
TIRED AF
nigga shit but the head game was viciousssss.. lmao why lord
Dang God i know i said i was getting that new car by my birthday but i say take the old one from me but
Tiktok is fuckin aids mate
i agree
These customers
all she wanna do is ride she never get tired
your favorite daily light weight oil to add shine to your units/bundles. Im in Ulta and need recommendations
me tooo b
it was so damn good
i think it's really cute
I really want eyelash extensions
is in Walsall
No reason I should still be doing my hair
I regret napping earlier now I sleep
Meanwhile, my client is back on TMZ Sports today.
maybe? hunny there no maybe about it
it me, when too lazy to do what I know was right, and too weak to avoid doing what I know was wrong
I need this to be my view right now.
One thing that sucks about being in NY/NJ area is that I have no way of watching the Cavs play!
this direct deposit finna b so nice
Nobody wants me to leave what make it so hard
I been craving Olive Garden like crazy
Gotta add him on my plan to get him a phone and watch he better work his hoes after this poor af
I was moaning so loud & he put his fingers in my mouth & I started to suck it My legs were shaking, my was
This hangover
I was just saying I missed you at practice the other day
When your scheduled meeting is moved 2 hours early... kill me
i have to fight for madonna her career speaks for her.
that what I said before I came Abeg the cold is too much
donghyuck is really out there having 70% of legs instead of water what a legend
Sometimes I hate how stubborn I can be
We will never learn
I spend so much money on bella this weekend this lil girl has better clothes than I do
every time the ice cream truck hit the block my fat ass running outside
Wahhhhh my back
Rotffff i fucking RT Dying
wait to eat all the state fair food today
What was my momma feeding them that they feeding me
I felt bad but it was funny hahah
Why so sick
Rog is a disappointment, he doesn't follow any fave of mine
As usual the whole country is participating in fall except for Florida
Reminds me of Ustaz Zunnurain
I wish was in town to Dj his nephew birthday party !
I wanna go see the new halloween movie
hungry as shit today
Ahhh I want it too !! Why is the States so far away from Laheen Gallery ?!! LOL
Okay but can imagine the type of Jimin pics we would get if off the deep end was active for this tour
come for him!
I clean up with music and my speaker dead
hungry and ate all my pizza
These kids wore me out
you saw how we were/still are..we hoped we gave off enough Sad vibes that yall would understand
When my hair grow like this
thinking about that I had for lunch... I should have gotten a full instead of a half
getting cold
Still good quality sure - looking forward to tomorrow
hungry... eaten two cookies today..
They don't. They won't. Chengfu is just doing anyhow because he's owing me
Same
I can actually take this hun to court, how can someone be so fine and walk without paying
Time to get ready for work
I would do anything if someone would be a kind soul and PayPal me money to help me buy this new pc for school
Idk if I want a new car or surgery for Christmas
not that flexible
I really do have the best boyfriend ever. I could NEVER deal with me tbh. a trooper
ever be chilling with a dude and feel an ounce of dick on your ass?? I be like shit guess we gon scissor
I wish I could rock long hair but honestly a short haired type of person
really craving baked macaroni and potatoes lmao
full af he wanted seconds
Lost the angel from my earring set and honestly distraught because I put it up. And now I find it. Clincher to this Sunday
Omg me too I am right now
done something to my collarbone and it hurts so much
see it happening on my snap rn as I type this sis
Btfu bitch the whole bottle of henney
throwback to graduation
Damn it slipped my mind that my birthday tomorrow
Cutie. Your brows look like mine
Thank god im off for the rest of the week
Currently fighting my demonic tummy
I want some candied too
Me when I SEE all the videos/pics from the funktion tour it sucks being on the other side of the world
Hollywood is so beautiful
Already wait for this week to be over
I just want some DICK. talking that and take this
wahh so cute my didi
my 2nd birthday party is this Saturday and so sad. time PLEASE SLOW DOWN!
Can't stand her
sick as well were sick buddies, if you follow me feel better
New nails so I can feel like the bad bitch I am
my wife a WHOLE MODEL wow
im getting my tattoo retouched and now i want another one
Like it says, RIP if been there you know that menu
Sausage eggs & waffles sound soo goood.
But my favorite way to eat them. lol
everytime in the city I miss it like crazy
believe Monday! Where did the weekend go
I need some halls & some orange juice
Escape need to hurry up and get here
I can't imagine, almost 2months nalang 2019 na! Not yet ready. wooh
dear thoughts,
fatemi dormire
I wait for Christmas
Mama I fell victim to these streets sorry
I really want subway
Sis, what's that lipstick colour? I need it in my life!
There is not !
At the end, I can just complain but it change anything .. preparing us
Oh man hes fkn Cute
You need a Senior Citizen Dyke in your life to Show you the way ... cuz Babygirl THIS AINT IT
Can she just marry me
Why are people so many people getting cancelled today out of all days
Hopefully this week is stress free
6 more days moves
Still opening Twitter even when I know my data is very limited
How old do I look because i get some young young boys in my DMs
I am so sad none of the videos I took saved. Zedd was so gewddd last night
Just ate a bowl of gumbo and still hungry
Sold out in the airport when I was coming back from Dublin
Just added up the bills I have to pay Friday
Dallas always has to take you to the end of your faith
Bruh they really put moths in his mouth.
I got knocked tf out by the jetski
never be pressed over another persons come up. Like tf? WHY CANT WE BE HAPPY FOR EACH OTHER?! Women gotta do better!
Sick asf
I barely use my Mac Book Now
ugh i just wanna ho home and watch this
how do you like your eggs in the morning? scrambled
Nice stage name. Also I'm not well read enough on anime to catch that reference
I do this all the time
Low key ready for this semester to be over
laisses tomber
COME TO MONTERREY
LOOK HOW HAPPY HE IS WHILE PERFORMING ANNA
Was my captain
Why does next week have to be spiders!!!?
I did everything i wanted to do enjoyed my 21st and everybody that made it happen
Coconut oil does wonders for my hair
god really took his time on him huh
Cmon baby
some chicken alfredo would be bomb rn
Quick someone give me a good excuse to tell my boss I sub a class tomorrow
We really need a video to
U Ever Fucked Ah Bitch And On Top Of Her Having Some Good Kitty Her Moan Is Fire ...
You're right
My mother in law always holds it down gumbo and chicken& rice on deck
I buy niggas shit I don wanna do it for my brother coming home in a week i see how can take
Yah I should too
Premature Melting is my thing
see saw can fckn s t e p on me
Idk why but I love the smell of bleach
one day but congratulations
think imma go to Bar Louie i miss the salmon sliders
My mum outright slapped me for trying to get near her while she was pissed
I NEED to see Halloween I wanna be shooketh
this all meNO baby sooooo
In need of someone to do my makeup for Friday night
But the way this weekend is going
sooo it looks like gonna have to say bye to my baby
The way she be checking me turns me on
My best friend is the cutest
I needa stop giving shit away during breakups but it seems like the only way mfs will leave
now I need a new
The pecan and misbelief tree my grandma had before the storm was so clutch
Okay so my entire body hurts!! getting sick.. well I kinda already am
Was really hoping for some audio
Chile these hoes got no morals
Plane tickets are so expensive
Im so bored this shit depressing i miss being in a relationship
Girl yessss
this is how i want to be shaped
Very beautilful indeed, tapi tengok from the hall itself mesti panas
Was the eagles lost that bad? I didnt see the game
My favoriteeee
Flipping wings is fun and all until you get wing sauces all over you
I heard but when
thank u for answering our questions
my bed right now. i missed it.
My heart
My dad has got the mandem over and all so loud! A bitch is tryna sleep, some of us have work in the morning
I Wish I Could Retweet This
Then again, nobody want to be in NY this winter. already BRICK
Weekends go by too fast
so cold. I just wanna get in my bed and watch lifetime
As soon as done with them semester doing a road trip
Lmaoo I cannot cuss in standard English. I get tongue tied , and then the patois just start fly outta mi mouth
All these belts I buy are either too big or too small
no need for the tube to be sooooo hot
Oh happy birthday sweetie you are the best architectural Iloveyou
Had to take a break
" oh yeah in my head, i said i gotta take her on a date"
I want a mf spooky basket I was gonna make myself one but I wasted all my money
I really wanna transfer from Tech
This pizza is ready to bless my soul
I wonder if Matt is as excited to see me as I am to see him
Gospel
RT When i tell you this video is totally worth the whole 2 mins this explains EVERYTHING
I want a French bulldog
last night you looked 17 too too fine
off my drink until I sort my life out cause nothing but an emotional embarrassment
Never mistake my silence for weakness.
Lol put you clean to bed sleep for 10 hours and then wake up in the best mood ever
Macaroni & cheese with bbq ribs so full
Pleasee
pls rt !!! i really need this
Need to find the energy to get up and wash my hair
I love Mexico but they try to feed me every 30 mins and sick of it cada rato mandan para traer tacos or something
missing fair rn
i rewatch this at least once a day
i need to wash my hair bad
They hiiiit sooo when you come hoooomeee! its a muust
I be the only one that eats moi moi with mayonnaise or salad cream
I love my god son so much!
More than good enough !! Inshallah we can hangout pleaseeeee not too far from Staten Island right
Need something new & refreshing
Learned some new spins and I wait to go out again
How cute are his little legs tho
this is so damn cute congrats babe!!
This man hit my dm offering to be my sugar daddy 400 every 4 days. down if I gotta give up no sugar but doubtful
Today's lesson: don't fall asleep wearing beats.
i miss my boo
i need these next two weeks to go by quickkk
many on my tl feel this way in the water
tryna shake this hangover
bloated asf
This whole post-grad student loan financial situation is really hurting my Taurus tendencies
Another injury
please please please
Akeem you're such a lick arse
oh see I knew that (kinda lool) Yeah!! The whole thing pathophys and clinical. I find it so difficult to understand
Me and the boys when read dead drops
No you don't but you already did didn't ya? I give up
Trashtalking idols and defending my fandom
My aunt called cooperate on my manager
want to see Halloween or The Hate U Give tonight... i just want to drive
oh nooo try krogerss
Yes...my ovaries and uterus be on my dick
Omg this storyyyyy is crazy glad you and baby Jace survived all of this. God was def by
We went through all that just to be strangers again
JDNDJD they wont let him breathe
Balloon knot tho?
Lotta males around here need to hear this.
I like when they fight in a group chat evil
I feel so bad for Toby
Cmon we need a TD.
Really just need a hug rn
Wanting ceviche right about now
I am not trapped please no D: am I trapped ?
NOBODY ever helps the person that helps everybody
probably have to get a couple things. so discouraging.
Omg
Bun rough enu! Pree seh a next man a pull down yuh girl panty and she enjoy dat
too much
i cannot believe this gorgeous child is my tete my baby first pumpkin patch !
The minute people find out they pregnant they really drag that shit
a little nervous to watch
Ohh this is so sweet actually bts provides us everything, the songs to relax and accept
I know. Fuck my life.
Ion know if its lust or love
I need to stop being scared of college.. I jus wanna be one of those drop outs yo I know how frustrated I get
Aww hope you feel better Gray
Even Watch Football But Keep Checking The Score Always Serious When Redskin Vs. Dallas
sooooo ready to be back in the woods
I just saw how much my mutuals miss lads, I miss them too
Hotel beds are nice but coming home to lay in my own bed is THE BEST feeling ever
After 10 years I finally changed my number
when you move & find your pumpkin carving tools time for a last minute target run
Playing hair salon lawd help me and this knot I may have at the end of this
oh dam I thought it be a language learning app. I can only learn one at a time
I just wanna be laid up with my mans watching the office
These sugar cookies from Publix are going to kill me
Well, we go against a words, now can we?
Ceviche So Fucking Bomb
This patient just told the RN he wanna break her off and nut in her GAURDDDDDDDD!
Drooling pools right now. Baaaaabe Loml.
Jell-O shots and frozen alcohol
ff to friday
I hope my lashes fly off on these rides
Literally have been listening to Khalid x Suncity EP nonstop since Friday and falling in love with it more & more
And so I have painfully discovered, Mrs O
This shit making my head hurt
RAPSA NI GAGO
Every time my bro call at work & i end up missing that call
I was trying to wait it out but it was taking too long and I was tired
Making left turns on Capitol is so ass like what the fuck takes so long to bust that bitch around??? I always get stuck at the lights
I know
I wait to bounce back
Oh dear I butchered it I had a migraine & so I see. I hate napping the day away
u
Not the cart
Let me get myself ready for the week
Jk, I just want steady penis
Ugh, now I regret sending you that tweet
I was enjoying myself and then I remembered
Mood
Everything funny til the ass of the joke
round trip tickets to Rome and Venice are less than $720 rn
sleeping on the phone hits a different type of spot
I really hurt my knee yesterday it hurts so bad.
bro lil brothers had our system for 2 months i missed my game
I want some brownies
I hate how my thighs are so thick
so upset you be here for Halloween
White rice *
I got a LOT to this week
Of course
talking bout we did reverse cowgirl and yes sir it was on point I hear him that
The plouise party looks insane on insta
Literally laid my head on my desk and took a 10 minute snooze
My biggest problem while playing Overwatch is that I suck at being Mccree but I love him cause of voice. Sorry teammates
percy en duosu olabilir reyna ve nico
8. well, it's pretty boring so
Barbie was taking that dick
Be trying not to spazz girl but
Imagine trading words on here with a 12 year old
I can hear u now too telling them off
I want to sharpen my pencil
Destiny be pulling at my heart strings like stop being so sweet and perfect ugh
im so bad at texting
Want some fried plantains and rice&peas
Mad My Curls Fell
so cute I cannot
i really have great people in my life. i woke up to everyone tryna feed me. look at this
esp this time nga ting exam
Right, been craving seafood for the longest but the head is a bonus
d-did you know
t-hat I-israel
killed 34 A-a-americans
now eating peanuts really loudly and staring at me...wrekenton is an usual place
Experienced cramp in both legs at the same time for the first time today
I need help unpacking
SpellHouse next weekend I need a new liver!
Them salmon sliders hit so crazy
I Wanna Go See Halloween
He's like a breath of fresh air
Heart was beating driving down the road on two drinks
If my hair not done I will NOT go anywhereee on meee . It could be judgment day and God ready to come back I will not goooooo
Ok but this is so good I can't listen to anything else
How is the weekend over already
Me too problem is he make all his followers feel the same way
s/o to the deli on blackstone they already had the order locked in right when i pulled up AND PLUGGED IT WOW
That nap was definitely needed!
I want some head
Who can I pay to finish this remediation
i have the time to do a full face
Please bring back that Waldorfian overseas roach, keep that in their country
first day ng midterm yes naman
Really want some crabs
ohh nooooo
Yes it makes my hair grow fast
Twitter is nothing but sports lately boring!
Bitch sick sick
Lol I bothered to put a whole ass citation on twitter Christmas break needs to hurry up fam am luzeen it
i really need a new back
Working & goin to school fulll time be having me exhausted
When is my Taylor fever gonna pass?? its been almost two weeks already.
Do you want this wig or not? Serious inquiries only
Yes found it in the tea aisle a lil more expensive but it taste so good
even give that Tarzan nigga a chance to actually prosper before cancelled him
Def thought this was one of them you are ... retweet tweets
The clocks are going back this week
I got all these anonymous msgs when I posted my hair omg bitches really depressed w themselves
can I have some more friends or something I be so bored
Really really really want to see Bohemian Rhapsody but no will see it with me
Chile a registered Democrats now
Jongdae pulled off the mullet tho
Brother nature
was sold out in Sainos today. I really needed some. I blame
I'm at the point where, instead of rolling truffles with the cocoa dust, I just eat the mix straight
we make them understand? I'm at the point where I'm sick of trying to explain what it's like
i found one off the humble dawg my co worker came through im sure the ppl bout to be on fb sellin some last minute
Googling to bleed why am I an adult
think i can wait another week on my nails
Erykah SNAPPPPED
sis said in the hood. wish a n* would. saw yo n* in the club, n* looking
I'm doing nothing and that's the problem
Awe Ashanti Cancelled her Concert because she only sold 24 tickets
My Friends Wanna Go To Happy Hour But I Think I Wanna Go On The Beach For Drinks Instead
Their gonna be mad i wanna as there yesterday and they wanted to keep me and i left to party now going back
I been hooked on fried fish and mash potatoes lately..
I miss terry
lowkey glad I never got into the makeup craze. Some girls really look terrible under it
I love em with fades
would let Dave east ruin everything in my life
just only see one side of these texts
Trev is a nice person
I am not
I want one
I need to wash clothes but our washing machine is messed up until Friday
boring
Chile a registered Democrat now
lmfaoooo i think we all do this and the weird thing is that i think cats now know that tryna get their attention
be angry
welp im bored as shit, bestie with her lil boo -sidney
Yhooo im and exhausted ... lol
What I want takes forever to prepare
Watching Why do fools fall in love lol this my movie... I even record it
suncity makes me wanna go on a road trip like rn
She did it to me
I want something exciting to eat, but idk what
They even watch the games, they catch highlights or pay extra
Just got mine and this is so sick
Please Zeke
lightskin women are starting to grow on me and trying so hard to fight this shit lmao so hard
- bout to head home, roll me a blunt & lay down
Thanks lovely!! Man, being a girl is the worst Periodsssss suckkkk
That anon is acting like a top someone lied to both of several times ...I am
Lmao, my kid go everywhere with me I actually need a break from little man
I'm sick too
I get the love I used to get.
Wine after a long day is soo refreshing
My ass can eat 24/7 & still dont gain no weight
I'm so blind
Be easy with my heart
When you're watching a movie with the love of your life and the movie is your sub, na to just close eye sleep
I miss my baby
trying to be layed up today
I wanna workout no more today but my brother said nope we going
LMAO omg Circa Night Club
>this on my tl
unfollow
Craving chipotle
I hate my stove, stay burning my damn self
wanna change my number
Save me a BD or joining family
You people that have comfortable boobs don't know what God has done for you
i miss them can't wait to have them back
i also want a burger and fries so idk
Lol brooo this shit about to be a hit hungry af
Thought I could go to sleep and my soreness would go away.. nope not at all. It definitely intensified
i need to go shopping i have nothing to wear
Thank you!! & I know I just wanna bite them
Pissing me off the way he keep getting his ass beat every season
Ah I retired from 8ball the minute I lost a million
I Took a Long Ass Nap & Now Imma Be Up All Night
Idk who this is but she cold
Damn still tryna find ghoe outfits!!!! where is the time going ?
Do we ever really find? Asides the ones we see on the internet?
Besides thanking God, my warm man
Why do all the the things I love to do involve hauling heavy equipment
Can this mf hurry & get back I need my headphones
Hit me with a bat
omg wait for it
I should really be getting to sleep, not only is tomorrow Monday but an earlier start than usual
I be knocked out when babe not home
Drinking water is cool until you have to pee 20 times an hour
dreading going back to class tomorrow bc i was super weird and awkward last week from stress and sleep deprivation
Nee need to pull up w/ the leftover egg rolls starving!!
Omg. I know how to do my nails for the wedding
wait to go to the Texans game in December. Gonna finally see Watson
I literally just finished a plate of this
Worksout for two hours........ eats bag a cookies after.
Okay my icon looks slightly more cuter when I colored it in
Um gonna go cry in a ditch now
Ok so a play park be their thing then. Definitely find a pub. Bath is horrific for shopping. People everywhere
Ssooo I want to go to the bomb fire (however you spell it) but I have nobody to go with
i mention hair pulling kink which isnt wild and you were like wOAAHHHH what was i supposed to do.
Its like i crave ChickFilA EVERY Sunday
never seen this before, a-am I even a true fan
craving cakes, cup cakes, I just want so many things cake
My mom put gas in my car, I even notice
I need a 4 for 4 in my life
Yesss Gabby gave me soo much life !
!!
Riverdale and HTGAWM started off so good
Pitch playa with him are 50/50
I pray for all football players when the season starts because some of them are trained to not play far
How else am I supposed to know truly trash
this titan show is a bit boring but this is only the second episode so give it two more
I really been eating bomb
I Wish I Had A Little Boo To Go See Halloween With
Just want chocolateeeeee
laying on my couch and they yelled out for the kids to grab me a blanket when they noticed that I was cold
not finished with Boko haram. The tribe of Judah ya challenging
literally had so much fun on vacation but i am so happy to be coming home tomorrow.
All the pain/anger been stewing in me since God knows when hate to fight me
I want to nap but I fall asleep
I gotta get this work done
All been thinking about today is getting my nails done tomorrow
I would love that.
zaughta leaving me
Quiz tomorrow
Finally got my bag of chalk
Nah bout to go st Lucia by myself
in the background
I feel so dysfunctional
always have me excited to get home & watch their videos
I could cry
I forgot the name which spa
going to die
If you see one.. lemme know bc sick not going!! I wanna see TOK!!!!!!!!!!
I remember watching this live with my mama
dat body sis
wait to be home all cuddled up with my boy
That nap was loveeeee
I believe this is how we go down in history Not a single soul cares abt back to the brook
Yasss
It's not fair
She is so beautiful and chocolate
we outhere tryin to look cute and stuff :) pe din ti mo the struggle is real
fuck monday
I said super bowl or bust
Ugh... November 4th is the end of daylight savings time.
thank you
you be?? I had just got my braces off too
25+ have no business but being messy saddddddd ima pray for you
I just want THE biggest, squeeziest cuddle right now but Reece home for another 5 weeks yet distance sucks.
i miss you :(
fuckkkk this leaving tomorrow morning. I wanna be in your arms asap
Serious question; when is October is gonna be over
Dear lord I know Sunday but I could really use a drink
Come on Dak
Is it too late to drink sleeping pills
LMFAOOOOOO!!
Dat rondo and Chris Paul Lil scuffle was funny asl
The way you can just hear in the background
thank u <3
I want a Henny Margarita
Lmaooo Still not over this movie.
the good old days
Big Facts Big Facts
When I get bored I online shop
I dead ass be having heat flashes
a side burn
That feeling you get when you take off your contacts after a long day
Why it feel like its gone be cold tonight
But then the taste though.
I hate when my foot falls asleep
Lowkey I gotta stop giving my shifts away lol I need to save money
4 1/2 more hrs
I bet! I love your style. So i already know you be fucking it up with your designs
I wait till out of office
i need thanksgiving break
when i get a pedicure n manicure the whole damn day wasted
Im trying my hardest not to take a nap rn since I have to be up at 5
All the time
I'm loving this theme color
I miss the Mariah and Quad alliance
I love that my manger gave me 4 morning shrifts this week but I hate getting up early
Idk why I came to work
I miss placed one of my laptop charger
Soo excited i forgot it was Sunday and we close at 7 today
where?
Bitches loooove my babydad like damn
I was in about 5 photos and they're all on other ppl's phones
Never knew that & I went to sleep
not had any phone signal all day missed your beautiful pics! Love those jackets your style is
wish you would just focus on me
Hell fucking hole catch on break iguess
i want some boiled shrimp
My mama house soooo cold She know im anemic
I want a pet
They then let us catch up to stupid
feel like leaving the house. But I have to
also ready to go back to school
I love drinking my wine from a deep ass mug
I want another mango naked drink so bad but this bed too comfortable
two papers due on the 27th and one due on the 30th and i only did one so far
I Wanted To Dress Up For Halloween This Year , But Even In The Mood .
Two hours after falling asleep Eva has woken up bunged up and coughing gonna be a long night!
I just want some tooties pasta
really trying to go to home coming with Cam but my job playing with these days off tho
Stink have a doctors appointment tomorrow at 8
damn...i was slumped
Business thoughts on my mind...
That NAPPPPP!!! Thank you Jesus
sad af that playing tonight!!
I thought your dance was the best
29) i would like to spend my day with every bts members seriously!!!!
Bro I be stressin lmao ugh
lmao so mad that I got too drunk last night and lost one of my hoops! my fav pair too
Fasho! Tonight when I get back ?
Craving honey garlic wings
Let me see what time this movie start i do real late
cancelled already lmao, treats animals like shit
Glad my mans is AP trained lmfaoo
I miss my baby I just wanna hear his voice been three hrs
Bar louie kicked my ass today ! like exhausted and ate
omg I wanna go to a nba yb concert
Look at his pretty lips I want to kiss them and bite them fuCk
I be cold asf
Cinnamon rolls: baked
Nut: busted
Depression: still not conquered
if what it takes for you to come see me
Omg remember them fabulous bakin boys cupcakes with the thick layer of choc on top
Help! done nothing but look through Depop all day
too late tryna get my hair like your nia!! trying to give myself life.
I'm losing weight again
Hot Spud go so crazy
My son is knocked out on my back yo I move
someone buy me a tiara for my birthday
DJ, pls. Let us single ppl be hopeful and delusional
Wish I get unfollowed by twinsies
5sos is cancelledt
Single digit daytime maximums by the weekend. Soon be waking up this again
Whew one of the most traumatic episodes ever
such a pretty day, I wanna take the dogs to the park but I
I thought season 2 of dynasty was on wth
Man, I want some wings from so bad
This is my cousins neighborhood. My shorties better be safe out there
Almost made it to be a sag
I could really do with a shitload of chicken wings rn
And he really got it right
wild to me that these two photos were taken less than two weeks apart. fall came at us FAST
No way bringing in that much money and just disappearing. I gotta stop shopping and eating yo
I really want too wash my car but it needs it bad
So over this Quarter and only week 4.
Accurate depiction of me below.
No body wants to see me be great + let me take my Sunday afternoon nap.
Man, I want some wings from so bad
I wanna throw a Halloween party or go to one
Idk why people think bi....
What an honor
every time I come in town they be happy to ham me
so good!
Told my mom I was depressed and she said not a joke
I want some Juicy Seafood tonight! this my second time going this week!
Liam
Agree 100%. As long as he doesn't become like Chris Ashton
Bruh UGG got robes and they soft af. I needddd
fuck these valley parties go to LA
Hell no every shoprite and fresh grocer I went to was sold out try later this week
Awwnn really awesome she?
Shut up you flustered Patwarini
Looking for a house is really hard
Okay so not just me lol. And pcd is still hitting and just
woke up from a nap, missing babe
I wanted to do brunch today but I wake up on time
Wow TB! these were some of my fave videos
sooo pretty
Hate when my baby cries when I leave
Michi taste so good rn
Tranisha I miss you
too old for this shit
Peoples conspiracy theories they said Puff gay & he be beating Cassie that is not funny
been here at work since 7am .. going on 12 hours now
I Wait To Get Home And Wash My Hair
Yeah cause I have met you
the studio version sounds exactly like the live version, she killed with her talent
Bring the best twaimz out please. We miss tony
El
been offered to be on local sports radio but turned it down because never satisfied with myself
This is so sad and I blame him for it all
I wanted to square up w/ my coworker so mf bad last night!! Swear lucky I do problems at work
so shame if people have to come in my car. It stink af
Y'all say anything on here
I went so long ago, it's really a place you can never regret or forget hey the heat is my biggest fear though
exhausted
Bae said my hair straight is basic but when curly it bring out my look more i love straight hair
sometimes i want a significant other just to tell them about all the exciting shit that i do
I lose weight fast & I gain it back to like wth
Same but my birthday is in December.
Should have been asleep some time ago, I'm going to struggle tomorrow
I used to be a no emoji guy but now I'm an ironic emoji guy
trying to sooo bad
Trying to watch some Halloween movies
so hungry I wait to eat
i want a side part.. but really a middle part kind of girl
best thing I found since I upgraded
Omg I left the picture in the car
My best be whippin it with the wrist.
U right. The struggle is so real right now
Omg this is adorable
Omg my childhood. I needs.
She gets me every-time I be watching all the videos .
these ugly bitchs act like I knock them out act the way you look honey
Recovering from the weekend
My parents are selling the house I grew up in and even though I live there anymore, still sad I hate growing up
I really wanna go see Halloween
I jus want some gnarly wings
ate all day
I honestly think some people get excitement when they feel like people need them. and weird
Niggas jus wanna be in my face all day like literally stare at me
got a call from BGSU, so excited for college
so cute
brother nature not you too dawg
no not brother nature!!!!!
I wish I was in nyc last night
I loveeeeeee the heat
So my plans for my daughter go as planned .. try again thou
This woman here
The is to keep it light & cute. But believe me when i say so am i.
I ripped a hole in the arm tryna put it on urs
dinging in yo ear wit a hair pen
Oh my goodness
LA this weekend not ready
Ffs.
we trade the two of them for Steve Irwin.
Had one day off this week , then I get called in like wtf I was tryna go to the skatepark
I just want one more milkshake for today , omg bruh
only time i went out was today they had a car show and when the wind came by it was cold but otherwise it wasn't bad
sweating!
update:
thrice the normal size na ako lips wth
Lmaoo okay I see that POV too! But that episode was so uncomfortable and cringey lowkey
Finally back home. I need a driver
Attacked
My poor baby has the worst baby acne
omg i didnt know i was mutuals with the queen of genovia your highness
I'm not ready for this week
allergic to cats but I still want to hold kittens so bad
Being so hungry but you know what you want to eat
gonna be dead in work tomorrow so tired not good considering working 8 days straight now
I want to get one!! welp, this coming week is payday so
I keep up it feels like so many of them have been in retrograde simultaneously but thanks for
The fact that I work at a place where kids who like inter. How do I defend myself tomorrow at work
ready for my husband to come . that type of weather
Damn Groceries go fast
And They used the shitiest edits
Why I fucking sleep
forget those
Ugh, so is mine! Spend a fortune on skin care and it still get rid of it
I wanna go to the southern game so bad
Preciso aprender a jogar ff
Regret is realizing flying when you thought you were on
I have to use my vacation days pero idk where to go
thanksgiving needs to come faster
Ya no queda
Craving spinach dip
on episode 8 and im loving it, a disappointing ending is a let down
Thank you it genuinely does mean a lot
I hateeee 9 hour shifts a bitch is tired
Aretha
Jdjdsj yes I meant Venus
Yea I wish they run the ball straight
I guess I'll just dance with myself then
My Airbnb host sent me a list of restaurants to try. This
pretty sure all the stuff eating and drinking helping my throat
I have so much math homework
I can't wait for the day when my life is better, when there's no anxiety, and I'm further than I am now. It just takes so much time.
Am actually feart to go to bed after that bit where the spooky in bed with him force
I gained 53 exactly lol I ate everything in sight went to 132lb to 185lb . Now 4 months pp and 142
Plz help the freshman 15 has gotten to me
Girl why you telling
this relationship is already so time and money consuming and we're not even dating yet
think they are showing it
Hurry up already so I can seeeeee
Bawling my eyes out because of the arrow
Why everybody wanna stress me out this weekend
My aunt be throwing down fr
Just order some pasta if nasty imma be so mad
soooo tired been sleep on & off all day man
Dream about food 99% of the time
I love you But I know exactly what going to write I just got a little caught up on twt as usual
These hoes so expensive, but so good!
BUT... BUT AN ADVANCED SPORK!
Lmao omggggg everyone says this
doing bad out here just broke my charger and hungry and leave
My Birthday Comin
still in shock that my baby is having a baby but I had so much fun yesterday celebrating baby Trinity I
we ran to a whole corner away from everyone why did I take my blanket off like that, who are we
I deal with Tomasz! CRINGE
be in bed early tonight. Like no later than 10
Just kick me out of school
my momma & her freezing in this house & she over here HOT!
Sooo google translate helped me translate my in Hangul..
I made it in like 40minutes, without any conviction because tired af and always so kind . Thank you babe
I love AllStar Jr voice like yasss bae talk that shit to me
I love this
My birthday is in 2 weeks
Cos 13 year olds nowadays soft as shit
woke up to a whole cleaned place , my baby did good
November 10th WYAAAA
Woke up from my nap starving
I'm hungry in the middle of the night sho
why do people want people to know who they deal with so bad
I be trying to do this for atleast 5-10 mins straight but I be getting out of breath
I just wanna work in a barbershop already
Plan something for November please
I cannot wait to go house shopping to own an actual house
This is going to be the longest 16 days ever
All thinking bout is this j sitting on the bed waiting for me
this is the best perfume i have ever bought. and i just found out there's a scented candle of it.
my dad was really out here mowing a giant 18 in front of my bedroom window for my birthday gotta love steve
Small details are everything
Gloria. . focus on your homework!
marina always finds a way to make my day better
CEOs?
wash your hair with rice water!! I promise you your hair will show inches within 2-3 days
Oh gosh we will make the man get a heart attack with all these Indian names we have
These dreams are something else
Check the resume, you on round 2
stuck thinking ab u
man i want taco bell
This The Worst Hangover EVERRRRR & I Have One In FOREVERRRRR
55* and frozen!! Let the begin!
My nephew is the cutest!! I think I can ever get over how cute he is lol the first thing I do when I get home is look for him
33 where
i feel good and in the best mood and dakota sent dominos to me he is too good
work study really cutting this semester stressedddddd
bought a cute blouse at charlotte russe on clearance and some black boots been wanting for the longest
I honestly wait to travel the world
no nigga be worried about me ion want nobody can have dat shit
wweeehhhh drunk tweets horrible singing + ridiculous repetitive been a good night
chaachaa leaving me
My family leaves to universal studios on the first week of Nov again
Nicki is so cute when she chill
I just seen one of my parents at Disney
I got on 1 slide at kalahari proud of myself
can my period be fucking over
see my sis though ?
Proper bugs me when people are active but reply if you wanna talk or something just let me know cos
Almost a year ! Damn this year went fast
I get major baby fever at work when working in baby apparel but like, I want my siblings to have kids, not me
I want to carve pumpkins
Just one more week and I can finally go back to my old schedule. in need of break so badly
I want to post a thread of me singing my heart out at all the concerts been to this year on insta but I have family on there
Ok you gonna make me run that track back
My head hurt from all of this studying
This girl shut uppppp
i see all these chocolate babies wish zy came out chocolate
so cringey
How on EARTH is this shit allowed to actually pass as music not only is it absolute dog shite musically, but
I hate hypocrites
Please?
Adam I love you soooo much. I have a fan page on instagram
Cookies n cream
someone in the comments said intern Jones
I wait to be in this field
no fucking way my doodie is going to be 2 months next week.. im going to trip out every single month !!!
Ya quiero ver esas fotos
This man.. this body.. this damn dick just put it in my mouth
Thank god that a thing when I was Wilson
Just want this day to end already
the worst part is that it looks like a huge knot or blister bc it hasnt broke through yet and it
Sooo google translate helped me translate my in Hangul..
I the only one who thinks when guys Shaku sexy
having such a nice music sesh and my battery is about to die I need to bluetooth headphones.
Will actually finish this show tomorrow....I'm exhausted!!
I really hope he switch off days with me
Black & White
I want and need so many things man
fucking stand my laugh kettles boiled every time I open my gob
Take me back what a time to be alive fk
Anthony Brown reps
Finally Up
these are all blankets i see en el centro
Officially a Travel Agent
Why do we sing hymns & not hers? - an old joke - I never thought one day it could be taken seriously
Please pray for me that I like at least one of the dresses ordered for my birthday
ready for some chitlins
I hate always missing out on things because of work
I had the tiger one!!!!
currently good Truly ble$$ed to have what I have in my life
Can I have a plate
pizza did a thing with this 2 for $10. I got a ten dollar reward too thank you Jesus
the comeback!!!! holeeeeeshuuuuuuuuurt keep slayin yall I
Where can i get this bed
So many events this weekend. Plus my bday coming up. wtf what is life lol.
If u did agree you wouldn't have typed that statement before the agreed part
SKJDHDHD totally agree
Who killed the BET Cypher??? Reece or Nasty??
The life of Mama
No need to come home cuz we R home Rutgers University - College Avenue Campus
I think I love that she dnt needa man
really cold outside. My knees ready Jesus
I want a kitten
1 down, forever to go hurry up n come home
I need me a ME too solid.
5. Salient means the best, so basically the best switch
6. BTS
My damn feet know they damn hurting
Watching IG story of him at the Drake concert and he singing better than Drake
Wish someone would drive to New Orleans tonight I have the energy
He only 1 years old
i love old ladies lol
always mugging
imagine you cold so ya boyfriend give you his hoodie & it's musty
I hope so , iont wanna waste a costume
IM sorry sksjjsjs I noticed if after I read a tweet as well
This nap; about to take before work.
you know I would
get on my mf nerves
NO ONE has 3x of the purple Hampton shirts left! Will these be available online then?? None of
I wanna be outside rn
All I wanna do in this cold ass weather is cuddle and drink warm apple cider and watch scary movies
Thank you for this cruise control
I want banana mousse
i really wanna here an audio... like damn
This nigga know me better then I know myself scary I never lie to him
RIP my Monday & Tuesday lie ins
Full off of junk food and sick about it
Oh lordt .. going to see it today
Cafe rio sounds soooo nice rn
aw Whit looks so beautiful
at her and so quiet at my house! I want my baby back!
Also I got my cosplay for Uraraka and it fits sooo perfectly so excited for all the costumes I have planned
finally sleepy
apartment messy: slob
my car: saab
workin hard: job
my cock: throb
Yay my aloe is back healthy for me to use I always dread the first few days tho
I wait to have kids
just waiting on EDP. at my aunt house, my cousin even come downstairs
Fucking hate being on my own
tryna be like you!!!! I know how to buraanbur, I just know how to execute
I told my boss I was sick and he brought me DayQuil & NyQuil, cough drops, and cookies I dont wanna leave Fedex
24 hrs na since last na kain ko, huhu super katamad bumangon w/ dis kind of weather
Why am I shocked but not surprised?
My sister. Family members are the absolute worst But love that reply
sis my whole body cracks and aches I need to start taking care of myself now before too late omgggg
having no friends cool and all until the weekend hit
All she wanted was to make slim the small things that mean most
making a moral decision to never get a picture took in the bath in revolution
i need one...
i need one!
I
need
one
Oh really lmao what if they find my Twitter though
I miss my crazy ass friend
never worked two jobs in my life but I just got the offer so imma take it. I need a Christmas check
This made me cringe this a pussy been BEAT TF UUUUP
My lunch never just went by this fast
Crap now I REALLY need to convince someone to lend me $50 for the other two albums
Must be nice
I still want it so bad
9:00 me please
so cold outside
lmfao the lack of talent is higher here
RomComs are my absolute fav movies
first time i ever bought something for somebody i did good
I really wish I was ready
it started when she wished me Luck & called me J
idk what's up with my twitter but my messages from u have gone again apart from one and including mine
Drunk already
are always cancelling somebody over a few old tweets. even give niggas a chance to grow and do better.
I got a head ache Finna go home clean up and prepare for this week
When your hair refuses to cooperate
you better know my girl is number one on this list
Everybody always wanna tell me about their relationship problems
i want something sweet
Lol what
Brisk fruit punch is so good cold
definitely need some LV boots
i need my nails done but idk where to go
Oh I missed that one !
I Can Be Real Good Please Get In Ya Feelings
cho fuck monday a really tom
Why a bitch gotta be broke I found these 2 cute Ts for $20 but I just fixed my truck
as much as i want and need this, her mental health comes first
Jgh.
Man I need this be in Atlanta soon!
BROOOO I deserve this
My niece voice is getting so proper & make her sound so innocent but so cute doe
I need defense to wake tf up
Should I buy the Exo album
This weekend was now back to working all week long but have some more fun this upcoming weekend
I bet if it was mom bursting have gone straight home
I have soooo much homework stressing me out
Nature is still very cool to
\
( (>
_/ \_
Idk how still functioning off 1.5 hours of sleep
When your boyfriend a cook cook been eating sooooo good
Need to get back to the gym tomorrow, been slacking
I want to be the one who tells her what Ford is doing to her policies
My gosh can this day be over
Thanksgiving break needs to hurry up
I want stuffed bell peppers so bad. I could cry
the DirecTV remote decided to randomly stop working for the television controls, and none of the codes are working
wya ?
I miss having a nigga that has his own place, i pack and bag and disappear for a few days
Stress eating is dangerous
Ugh
I want some deviled eggs
dear santa on netflix was so cute
Daisy you should make merch !!!
not even exaggerating when I say that show in Sac tore me up Anyone have recommendations so I can
I just picked somebody , im sorry
Limited Quantities Available.
ORDER HERE:
Makes a perfect gift. Buy 2 or more and
Injuries galore
I thought i was the only one
is going to kill me
That's bout to be the only shot u take
wait to go home & watch lifetime
I really love the gym
i wanna goooooooo
you are correct because i suffer from all of this
I been getting one every night since my sister put me on it they so good I drink em too fast
No sleep for the wicked
Want some red lobster bread
All Meal
And this
This how I Feel About My Court Shit...
Yooooo I wanna be this hype
Someone still has their hanger with me since this post, please
"I have a Black friend."
You don't know him
Way to be supportive
really Monday huh
My philosophy professor really assigned two 50 minute lecture videos & questions for homework who has the timeeee omg
tryna go to a corn maze before the month ends
Look at these
Omg this was my go-to for munchies back in the day. I would eat the entire loaf
I wait for my babygirl to be like that
I wait for my blankies to get out the dryer
Obsessed with
Thank you so sweet
My dad hyping up my mom GOALS
Wish I lived in London so I could go to the live shows
I even enjoy nice things for an hour
I needed bulbs for those lamps I got
been sick for 4 days now . Thought i was better when i got up this morning . That lasted all of 4 hrs. Im back down
Hoodie Season We Got You Covered
AmbitionMotxivation
Website - We Ship
I find my other shoe
HAHAHA goodmorning!! ikaw din eh
Every 4 weeks!! I just started going! That first was is worst than childbirth tho
It took soooo long
whatta bad morning thanks mom...always the best for ruining my mood...
I want some carry out sooo bad shrimp broccoli and wings n fried rice
still in shock that my baby is having a baby but I had so much fun yesterday celebrating baby Trinity I
Genuinely fall asleep tonight. The pain my body is in is too much that I sleep.
been reading a lot lately.. these books are so good
law.
I Deadass love Malisa sis squeezed me into her schedule
Well if you hear about anything just shoot me a tweet or DM aint nothing happening in NJ or NY
Ok so i'm going to flop but
I wait to curl up with some tea and some smoke tonight
AUSA was so fun
5 hours away till home (@ Boomland in MO)
just finished this i loved this book
My boyfriend is such a big baby but I love that honestly
Ugh. I miss playing volleyball so much
still in shock that my baby is having a baby but I had so much fun yesterday celebrating baby Trinity I
Lmao damn guess I gotta respond then
and I support you!! Thank you!!!
So upset i left my ipad at home
Your secrets are safe with meeee
still in shock that my baby is having a baby but I had so much fun yesterday celebrating baby Trinity I
I really burned myself my hand hurts
But the same word
it nun like the country man we different .
I did not mean to spend $40 at Harveys where da stamps at
Yes sir I listen to it everyday when the sun rises all the way to sunset
I need a vent session
Obsessed with
Oh them percs
i like to have sex to 90s r&b. it just rides so smooth
Kaidens going to Arkansas in February and gonna be nervous the whole time until they get there .
Im tellin yall, Ninja is the only pure icon
My sister always got me on pure bullshit when with her
crabby fries are bombbbbbbbbbbbbb
i love Niall Horan with his blond eyes and bluehair he make me do dis
Making this Twitter was the best thing ever done. I cya stop laugh
Pretty Girls Really Has A lot Of Privileges I Just Aint Using Mines To Full Ability
I remember been that long ... PS: there is credit alert and there is ALAT ti Wole
Sarah!!!!! crying I miss you you look happy !
I HATE rooting against AP
leave me crying
whatta bad morning thanks mom...always the best for ruining my mood... can you pls change that ugly attitude
That nap was just everything
My daughter such a damn cry baby
I need the the Rams to let Breida get the ball long my fantasy teammmmmm
When you go to chick fil a on a Sunday
i just wanna keep him forever with me
i just wanna have sex
i just wanna keep him forever with me
I want some cute ass box braids
Every 4 weeks!! I just started going. That first wax is worse than childbirth
Most embarrassing thing is putting a message to someone on snapchat as your story by accident
My heart
Trying to decided if I wanna cop these Louie boots now or after my birthday
My heart
I really wanna go to hooters
still in shock that my baby is having a baby but I had so much fun yesterday celebrating baby Trinity I
still in shock that my baby is having a baby but I had so much fun yesterday celebrating baby Trinity I
I Hate Driving Like If I Could Afford To Have A Chauffeur I Would
Words cannot describe how bummed I am to miss tonight! thanks a lot to the flu! Bring down the house for me!!
Ughhhhhh freaking Adrian Peterson
I fallen in love with a call of duty like this since black ops 2 came out maybe I just really missed
Constant mood
Alex' fans are crazy A whole ass cult
Love this show
it sounds 2x better in the dark
bakit baby love?
We need Ingram but at least starting now
My little cousin is 8 today
i sleep entirely too much
I got AP on the bench
3 more weeks until I see the loml
Pretty Girls Really Does Has A lot Of Privileges I Just Aint Using Mines To Full Ability
Ever got locked out and your phone on 5% now you outside counting the bricks and cars passing by
I hate monday
I wanna make my meal prep for the week
telling you still waiting on her
on Ice is gorgeous
Second guessing myself all over for everything today, with my body language and how I talk....thank god today's my Friday
I need to get my hair done
my pelvis hurts so bad i legit cannnot walk
tellsing you
This semester is so hard for me. I wish I had someone to study with
Need a set
it's so aesthetic <333
have a year since last time I used it actually
Watching the twilight saga like dead ass excited
I gotta chill I want Liv, Rosa or Layla to unfollow me
No kidding Sherlock
so ready for this shift to be over...
very sleepy
The video sent to our house chat when the lads found my lashes in the bathroom
I hate being hungry and going to eat alone someone come with me
Wow! That bad?
Can everybody just leave & Hangup so I can vibe into my own little world
See I see all that I just now see chris Paul got him wit a upper cut too lol
The worst part is my type most of the time but they are the absolute worst. Whew chile, the conflicton. Yikes.
I want some home cooked food
Craving chapulines with valentina, limon, y sal
Exactly two hours
One reading week isn't enough with all these deadlines and midterms
this whole packing thing is way more than I expected, what have I gotten myself into
I cleaned my entire room and cleaned out my closet my life feels together lol
You and me both definitely needing some alone time & relaxation right now
Whew. planning
Issssa long long story Reece
i would watch a star is born over and over if i have to watch the ending every time
Been ah good month almost 2
You know what you mean to me
Man always without fail I miss because I sleep through it.. Wish it lasted a couple more hours..
Adam I love you soooo much. I have a fan page on instagram
I wish I lived in Chicago I would definitely go with u
It was in my dining room, actually. I was ready to burn down the entire city but a neighbor came over & helped me.
They wilding
ya woulda thought I was pregnant again, I want pizza, an M&M McFlurry and some cookies
I hate coming off as thirsty
She know she a goddess
i hate wearing my new stuff with no plan behind it why it be sitting inna bag untill i gotta plan for it
Currently my struggle
I take it
Love the way my truck sounds when cold especially with the exhaust brake on
so cute
IT FEEL SO MF GOOD OUT THIS DOOR
I want to crave pumpkins today with my boyfriend but I get out of work at 8 then he goes to work so sad
I strive for this
hfnfnf tbh now that i look at it only yixing has legs that short in exo. i known
My shower water is either scorching hot or ice cold... there is no in between
Finally home
think Minnesota will score 3.0 down
can I win the lottery so I can afford to buy 28492 cute vegan/activist tees plz
Honeyyy do what you have to do because this is a
One of those hangovers where you only feel alive about 10pm, kicked my arse today
I'm 22 years old and still cry every time I leave my parents house. every. damn. time
JJJJ SCJJ
I want my little babies now
I didnt know you were going
ya'll so beautiful why i can't find you in real life?
Netflix have them the wrong way round man Accordin to the order I just watched she gets married,
Wow I needed that cry!
i'm so exhausted
Tell me about it
at the point in the semester where so busy my only form of socializing is through study sessions
Slowly falling into a food coma lol once I get home Im gonna Knock tf out.
finna take a good old benadryl when i touch the north dawg finna be laid tf out
mad people actually take the time to scroll back 6years ago
makes my stomach muscles hurt. Absolutely kills me I wanna be besties
blessed ??
That shit should be illegal
Ok I was weird and alot of niggas I was around was weird too but we wasnt throwing swastikas and saying
Today really been my day
I always lose my sun glasses
Glad ion have classes on
My emotional hungover self cope with this
Voices really are a make or break
Wish Glenn would put a ring on my finger already
Marcus always wildin
i wait for thanksgiving
25 mins left of being 36
My posole was amazeeeee! Glad everyone loved it.
I feel like driving but I want some cake or some cookies or brownies or ice cream ughhhhh gotten it before I settled
be thick but ugly
still speaking on it
This dam game will have you in the hospital
Yeah same!
I remember I had a lil Latin from the westside
Things I tell myself while looking in the mirror
My coworkers really treat me too good
Honestly
i really need to get that donut off my car i will be at the tire shop EARLY tomorrow morning !
i just want a bond . never fold
wait to decorate our house again
Somebody go with meeeee
My daughter loves it there she lives to be around the Muslims we live in Wilmington and Chile a mess ....
Bruh RT
I knew the were coming back smfh
Nope! I wish.
My cable b freezing way too much like ah bitch got antenna or some shit
Bad enough I had no freakin shoes on!!
I had a bomb ass nap mo
Chile !!! I booked that flight so fast yesterday!!
I wish I could get another girl pregnant because I want children but I want to have them adoption was an
I HATE it!!!
dog the cutest
Sunday dinner was just so good shit finna put me down
I believe saying this but.. not ready for snow & cold weather
Morning class
What if my snoring actually stops me from meeting the love of my life though how do I stop this
ready for bed
Wanna take a nap but soo cold in this dorm room
I need strength
So I wanna film a YouTube video today but know what to film
Adding to this list of things I miss...
Damm I want a Sunday meal
I gotta stop working everyday
IM SO PROUD i hope back in valencia by the finale
Why do I crave the most on
was up until 5 am last night and got up at 10am this morning. have been working on HW ever since
melhor video
Body starting to get sore
I Wait To Start School .
I havent had a voice since last Sunday
can men stop being men???? i'm already tired with my personal problems.... i don't need a man to complicate my work life
Christmas leave wya.
Went to the store and made it home to realize I forgot the main thing I needed
My nephew always be throwing shade i call him little love. So he said my small love is Kobe & then he asks who is your big love
I have literally lost my voice
I really want to learn how to bartend
i wanna go to a ravens game
so boring in this cutoff I hate it
This dog makes me happy
Can I just go back to eating everything without feeling sick!?!?!
The pic caption got me dead hollering
Tell me about it girl lol
chesss
I never completed my on my thigh & I want to but I know the back of my thigh is gonna be on fireeeee after tatted
so depressing that Chic-fil-a open on Sunday
Swyd i was agreeing with u
Fuck a fever I have the flu!
Get it together admin
exhausted
Eating KFC is all well and good until you can still feel your body struggling to digest it 4hrs later
Not scoring a touchdown in the red zone is so annoying
no, not happy, I used to be a lot skinnier but due to stuff I gained weight so like a reminder and I hate it
i just wanna lay under you baby
when still recovering
i see it
So I took a nap earlier so I could do my assignment now but cha the pain inI concentrate
Ughhh you just reminded me of fish grill you use to get that shit every week I want someeee now
Nicki dont want us giving this bitch no more shine bro
Boys are expensive but anything for him..
the meaning of this shitty quality now Twitter?
How can people appreciate the gloriousness that this was?
Yea watching it now and getting me worked up
This really me , addicted to sweat pants , leggings , and hoodies
Jimena said gym but the gag is I just ate a plate full of enrolladas
be nice too
Unedited, but this Audi was so clean
COD coming on time for duty muster? Unheard of
Omg nooooooo please like slugs
The lies that come out ya mouth sommer u dont love me
Doing work. Wish that was my plan!
Exams are lurking around the corner. Time to stress again about being a first generation uni student
I be wanting to run Kenny over so bad but I love him and want nothing bad to happen to him
And shared nothin
Literally throwin that ass..in a circle
why in line behind me counting my items?
i want to talk to someone that can sing
I just want pizza and movies
wow i finally got me a nigga from the hood, this is a first Ctfu
my boy be watching football like he know going on
LMAOOOOOOO OMG THIS WINS !!! Not the street fighter 2 intro
NO! going to see it on Wednesday after my physical therapy since I work that day. I
IM GLAD
I HATE DRAWING ATTENTION ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU GO OUT IN PUBLIC
Someone get dinner with me
The fact that I never seen this..
I my boyfriend like shit
No please I think my liver can handle a 3rd day
i picked lions and colts to win this week
Its been a min
what I was thinking
Is this a test or what
This is the cutest thing ever! Omg
my hair is finally done.
rt this or you hate saving the planet
yeah that was pretty cray. Aww thanks! That would be so awesome
Cuban done lost her ghetto ass mind
i used to try to be a fourth person all the time !!!!!!!!
hope they do their jobs
wait to cook for my husband and kids
this sucks
Married men so single these days the things they do
back
going to the gym so hard tomorrow
this is perfectly executed
Bro Drew Brees is just too good
I win for losing
Overthinking at night is the worst. All I want to do is sleep
Seems like all my friends are dying so quickly
Kal has only just got to Nottingham and crying because I miss him already
studying for chemistry sucks someone save me plss
I did anything all day I feel absolutely horrible
Take me back to it was sooo delicious. I just finished off my leftovers
In the words of could pull for death and people would quit
Weh im inspired terok
LOVEEEE meaningful shit like this
Anyone down to sext
HIGHLY RELATABLE EVERY TIME
We got such a love hate relationship
girl yessss fr. any toppings you want and they make some the size of pizzas chile
Yes
I just might have to make that instead
Every time I come on here is some bacchanal and iz be so confused
I miss the whole of England buzzing over the World Cup
Because* I love typos
I have PTSD from basic bruh they was out to get me from day one lol
The hair and the pant
LOL they all had up gun fingers
My elderly neighbor never talks. super quiet. Today he is belting out some classic rancheras....who hurt you?
Enjoying whatever until... another driver parks beside me and watches me eat
the biceps, Khalil. And you may be sexually frustrated too. Shit, a lot of us are
one HUMBLE bitch
What should i make for dinner tonight ? I kinda want steak but i had that yesterday . HELP.
should frick around and record some music but beer and laziness
I wonder what like to really be in love
my stomach is hurting and im having trouble breathing im scared my mum dont allow me to skip sch tdy cuz ltr
Aw no this killed me though
What ima lie to you for? Lol I was just tryna start some shit
My and fatty did anything all day I feel absolutely horrible
Wanna go to a haunted house so bad but ion know if my heart can handle that shit
Happy birthday to me!!! I love this
I miss my doggo Harry
wait to get drunk again
not feeling work tomorrow
Tally kinda chilly
why was this in my head this morning
Nah the hairstyle ain't it and Jongdae's stylist needs to stop playing experiments with his hair
jesse why so cute HAHAHAHAHA loveloveeee
Quite nervous for an Aljaz Halloween Rumba I hope not the return of his Halloween Curse. Kate needs to stick around!!
What I would do for Garibaldis right now...
It has been a LONG 2 weeks but now back to the basics
god, i thought this was his wax figure in amsterdam at first and someone done smashed its nose in
I should stay in San Antonio for a couple of days
This food smelling soooo good
Lmao tbh idk again
The reason for this food baby carrying
So now we will have to see reports on him about the break up? no one fucking cares, stop making irrelevant ppl
if she stans riot ten that's wifey right there riddim gang flex
My sister is so talented. I'm beyond proud
Life so scrange
i should've took pictures last night
I want a salmon burger from Landmark
I never knew you could hurt your thighs by lifting i can hardly walk
Now this, this I can support
How do all my tias have blue eyes light skin and my mom the one with brown eyes
My boy Avon
Ughhh to Baskin-Robbins like that day lmfao
My sister been washing all day. Like bitchhhhh i got clothes to wash too
wait to see my fam on thanksgiving been a min
I honestly love being productive like yessss accomplishing something
I missed taking naps with my love
Mamma cooked a big Sunday dinner now stuffed asf
I need my paycheck to come in already so I can go fucking shopping
why is he so adorable
I hate the fact that my heart equal up to my attitude .
I thought mad at me, but not. I love my man
Leg day fucked me up lmao took out all the energy I had now I just wanna be in bed for the rest of the day
Fair food gone hit every time but damn a Bitch can barely breathe now
Wish I could teleport home
My kids make it so worst getting up in the morning I have to cuss them tf out it literally be to early for that
When you find out , let me know been dying for one !
This is something my dad did for me when I was little
and if i ever get the chance i might hurt you
as long as you love me, are you gonna tour in UK next year??
if the answer were yes, what would be your question? Would you be mine?
This so faceass but deadass tho
Yo all my brother do is ask me to buy him something. Either shoes or a game. I can only image having kids
WOMAN! I JUST SAID I KNOW YET!
When I do, put up a poll of the Characters itching
at a point in life where my bitmoji is better looking than me
Not even Monday yet and I wait for it to be the weekend
please get me a funnel cake
shells was flying everywhere shit got real at the tailgate
please get me a funnel cake
Eh wait I want to see this Man said Postman Pat uno
I swear I want 4 boys but then I see this and I just have to have at least one mini me
Ever look back on what you were doing a year ago at this time and just want to re-live that day? Because same
Me & Kena were cuddling all morning and afternoon woke up with the biggest headache ever.. I need to relax on the Henny seriously
I think sooo attractive when guys drive trucks
CLEARED THE WHOLE SHORE
Jesus
yo i just want to tweet my appreciation for i had a phase where i got so unmotivated and unsure
Craving crab legs or lobster tail
I listen to BTS OUTRO: WINGS without feeling like crying and visioning jungkook fainting from Burn The Stage
Anyone else ?
Grad school is hard be worth it right? Sigh.
I can cry dawg i fucking shittttttting
I will beat this lil hoe ass
i love when he drunk
When Wale said better my effort the wetter her
I stand a mf with stank breathe no reason your mouth should be smelling like that
Lmao I had no idea thanks for letting me know that
idk if ever get a free hoodie
I love sour cream
My back hurts sm
The universe is hinting hard I see
Tooo moody for my own good tonight cba
Already know I'm about to relate to this song
so glad my car got automatic start when I get in my seat be warm asf when freezing
what an actual dad, omg
I just wana see her too She looks like a little alien right now 3D ultrasounds are scary
Can cover "I want it that way" in one of their concerts so I can stop repeating that vine video
Just hit 3k views on my gender swap video! so thankful
ur right!!!11 my bad natalia
jo hhnnngg ot3 makes me so happy and them being cute the other day just really!!!! i'm so
The said truth at the end of the day
I WANT TO FRAME THIS TWEET
30+ points on the bench and Zeke showing up today....
all we have
Yes had the biggest candy bars
I wait
My boyfriend been on lockdown & I been blowin his messages up
I need friends that live hours away
Me dodging these threads on my TL because I haven't started watching yet
This girl is a blessing man
somebody need to take me to go get some food
I dont actually
I just woke up omg that nap was vicious I feel dead dead
wishing i was in santa monica with the fam rn
\
( (>
_/ \_
and much more!!
i want to pierce my nose on both sides but i feel like my nose is too big
Need a coke to finish this shift
*pierced* I cant stop
wheww
yESSS ILYSM
i have the worst migraine and i gotta go to the store
Need a sesh so bad been to long
really struggling to pick a braiding style for my hair
so boring
starting with the soda and eating out
Sleepy As Hell
tryna trigger me and in a good mood! Stop!
Feel alone? I could swear I tasting it
Looking at all these tour photos is making we want to see on your again
Plse plse plse vote for the upcoming midterm elections
this movie better not be corny after been dying to see it
midterms done but i still got assignments
That backfire hurt my heart smh he fosho blew a rod
Yo like wtf..... this all bad
Ugh I still need to see Halloween!
Wanna curl up and watch movies.
she ugly stank do it u way better
leave his crusty hair alone
Feel so bad had my kids in the house all day
I already took my L today
I wanna go to the casino
why I want a car
Not impressed, after milkshake gate last week too
This weather
thank you
I just want to meet my niece already
New season of Daredevil is predictable. Season 2 is still unmatched
Smh Man. You be getting out the car directing me too
why do we do this to ourselves
i eat thanksgiving tho
So ready to become a teacher & decorate my class
I know
Woke up from a nap feeling like I had a really important dream. And now I remember anything that happened
Idk why I wait until Sunday to do my homework because I never want to do shit but chill this day
Wow f*** ** *******
This hangover is killing me
pretty but you got some pretty as teeth
I have some great things in the works and I wait to show you all... So nervous at the same time though!
hungry why by this time.
My boyfriend has to love Japanese and Mexican food just as much as I do all I eat
My mom really said I drink too much beer why I got a gut.
Props to those who work, go to school AND play sports
So even the travel section of the New York Times is fixated on Trump supporters?
I wanted to post dance clips but Im terrified LOL.. im not ready for that yet
freaking starving too
Make the Mets great again
my roomie really bad af.
This is NOT OK.
My tech seen I was missing a Nail and offered to fix it. I love her so much
i have FINALLY found someone that pronounces almonds the exact same way i do ppl always be makin fun of me
wait for payday to book New York
But ikno not going get up in the am
go to mangos
Bruhhh I actually fuck with your music girl! Do better!!!!
I AM TF TIRED
Hate the falling sick phase
my friend is now working late the Saturday before Halloween so our plans have been cancelled
I hope the nice words stick at least
Yeah fully aware of that, but keep doing it bcs I'm a dummy
Target on my chest by Brent Faiyaz >>>>>>>>> you gotta listen to me this shit
HAHAHAHAHAHA lelijk* by the way and thank you for the compliment
This game is giving me a fucking heart attack
Dreading Monday? Why not pursue your passion and start your own business! With our Lit starting at
this entire week has been a nightmare. so glad sunday.
very handsome!
I need someone to come to this penthouse party with me tonight
Happy belated bruh how we missed each other birthday !
mariscos saved my life drinking bombs like nothing last night though...
every time I hear him sing
I just understand why snapchat always murders my battery
Glad you found me again! Yeah it's a pain having to restart
tempted tempted to go to the drake and Migos concert down?
They can bond
Yes yes. Omg esketit.
Do you wanna plot or just go for it?
not fun having no one to text at night
pass me the weed & say roll up cause ion kno how to roll little nothing
This Our Girl
faithfulness, consistency, commitment, and communication
Wiening my daughter off breastmilk is difficult
we all
Sniper Elite 4 Coop fail gameplay fr LES BOULETS Family Geek
scary part is , you dont know if you getting played or if they really into you ..
she claps back with the ability of a 7 yr old come on ik she can do better
Wow. perfect I love Tarzan so much more now
Fair food gone hit every time but damn I can barley breathe now
Bet you even know they got it bussin I wonder why
WYAAAA
I just want some crab legs
Wow well that made me cry
throwing a hissy fit over this mother fucking mta
bring some if I had M&G get it this time round
literally drained
We showered and ate dinner , ready for bed now
Baby I need u here
my favorite youtube couple
At my friend house .. so tired going home
My man is my man is her man .. heard her man too ..
I sent heart eyes to my crush instastory lit
I really felt good this whole weekend
I hate when things are good amazing I hate when things go bad terrible. like no median
tell me this while breaking out fam
sooo good though
Came in xtra for morning shift and I love it soooooo much more than nights
A nap would hit the spot rn
she just know
Why is it 6 alreadyyyy I literally woke up 4 hours ago
been saying this for the longest core classes are pointless
m rive nan yon bagay shower m we fi a men vant li mpa we papa a epi se music flave selman yap pase
Forever world > x yachty and trippie
Hala a
buset na ub0 t0h
sons of anarchy
Got the drake concert on Friday. not ready for it
Im in so much pain
I have been craving something hot for days now these noodles did the trick dawg my mouth on fye
this is so cuteeee I wait
Peanut like hold on we might be on to something, he might be the one
ugh
i am this nigga life
Aww really, i hope you can see them maybe this year or next year tho!!
WE'RE LIKE THIS BECAUSE OF THEM UGH
i slept good aab i woke up thinking its late
Im a lil tired
tryna go to Farm again their apple cider donuts are Fire
So glad to be home & from around ppl
The heater is on in October
Dreading Monday? Why not pursue your passion and start your own business! With our Lit starting at
Dishes done . Laundry done. Hair In progress
Omg I remeber this
The wave of tiredness that just hit me
I just want my boo to get off come home, eat dinner and hold me
LMAOOO. Wait I do too
This headache taking over me I just want my bed
MUBBY a baby girl please
This Domo and Crissy situation
finally back home
Divine bias
I miss my second family Sheane comingggggg
This man looked at my shoes and said know they made ivory vans in that
They were once white white
All this good pussy , and find the one to give it to
Why Diddy sons so fine though ?
Me tired fi work need some big drxgs money
My Love
I miss my cat
Same
I Need A Drink
Morning i dont want to wake up and go to work
my back hurt so bad.
Ikr I might just kidnap you and the rest of the Scream fandom so we can spend sometime together
take me to Santorini
Want some bdubs
SO close to 5% again
Mind your own business
I was so quick to delete my video earlier I save it
in her Real Ass Woman Tube Dress
She has an awesome all natural hair care line. Please
I can't wait for my feet An ankles to stop swelling
this!
3 more days till i lay eyes on him
Ohhhhh rondo spit on my son???? Nahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Hideout was the best week evertake me back
Last time walking out of the track of the season have the best day got caught in someone else mess... At
Nope
My kids don't want to do a group costume with me this year
Currently going through a minus period with my skin. Looking through old videos reminds me that I have had better days and I will again
All I want is another German Shepherd
Can we do the weekend over again it went too quickly and I ready
I threw up so many times today
When I stop talking to someone I delete the messages and then regret it later
waiting on Damon to come back with my smoothie finna be so good
Marshoween and the wild tube man costume really got the best of me. I physically cannot move rn
my boyfriend my favorite
chile i make up my mind which color
Need a bubble coat
This girl just openly admitted to her boyfriend abusing a dog for some retweets
I was gonna transfer out pogba for schrulle n fell asleep
Late ass flags
Mom I think I love him
If you get one of platters ..... sorry
my baby boy
yes just stay inside u anemicican
Nooo not me all these stans who are like STFU LARVERY FOREVVVAA - they refuse to see the truth
Damn u got me chief
My nails are really poppin
I could go for elevation burger again this week
It sucks when missing someone so bad yet you do anything about it
So I bit right into my callaloo Pattie as soon as I took it out of I microwave. And now I regret it the whole of my hard palate
.. my sis said keep the faith heard
My abs hurt SO bad
Bailed us out
The only things been going well is school. Everything else is going to hell in a hand basket.
My knees I really have the problems of an 80 year old.
America have so many shops selling amazzzzing hallowe'en decor, and we have like NoWtTtT
Me: I need to start eating healthy
Also me: *orders plate lunch from L&L*
someone teach me how to blend my eyeshadow so it look like i have a black eye
We need them picks marshon
Stomach on angles
The weekend flies
Me internally to my niece: Girl stop being so damn cute before I go home and get pregnant
How it feels when you fix your eyeliner too many times
I love when guys paint their nails
I was so pissed today cause I wanted some so badly and took that walk for nothing!
Suppose to be on fall break, but I still have an assignment that needs to be done. Really college you have no days off.
who tryna go eat
so damn emotional wtf is wrong with me. What planets in retrojays got me like this
11. Movies!!!! If you want to win my heart invite me to watch a movie
that sound good.
Feeling so miserable I hate being sick
My face was clear and glowy as day and then boom !
long overdue for some good love and affection
The last 2 months have been aggravating as hell
Rather be with you & all your bullshit
I need to rest my eyes from this pussy thread I just viewed.
I think be able to last the day sksjjsjs. I really am about to pass out, I think I have to take the afternoon off.
So tired
my mom keeps telling me I should get out of the house and go to the gates concert next week but I just imagine leaving the baby yet.
been laying in bed almost 4 hrs
my friend is now working late next Saturday so our Halloween plans have been cancelled
called gaslighting
My phone so dead I even need one
Ofc this would happen while at work
I got to do a Rhetorical Analysis essay & Research Paper over this class
The only thing been going well is school. Everything else is going to hell in a hand basket.
Had so much fun lastnight
Damn i just had a good ass nap
i look like a dumb idiot talking to them while looking out a window the whole
yung nagreview ako ng 1am to 3:30am bwiseeet bat first day major
Not good killing ourselves again! And killing us too!!!
I'm freezing. This one doesn't want to sleep with me. She's making me sleep alone
facts
How do you love me and leave me and never say goodbye?
Boyz II Men kind of morning
I'm so fckn tired!!!
I found a journal I misplaced that I was going to use to track every Stars game. missed 7 games already
why any one hang out with me i just want to get a drink and food
This fucking hangover is kicking my ass. Been in and out of sleep all day
I just want bud
I really love big mouth.. this is my third time watching
Toppers sounds so good rn
These turtle beaches are making it harder for me to put the ps4 controller down
My head hurts soooo bad ...
Meds and my bed is all I want
Hearing my mam laugh is one of the most angelic things I can hear
I wish i had a lot more milk
Wonder why they ever even split up
That fact that twitter been sleep on Tarzann is amazing to me
Does anyone on campus have cooking oil I thought I had more than this
Damn that's the truth
forgot my raspberries at the cashier... should I drive back to walmart?
I hate sharing my boyfriend with his friends omg
oh i love the rain so much
I want my nose ring back
That movie was so beautiful I cried the whole movie
not even 6 & already turned my phone brightness down
your trucker voice
read these already i need more
Wow this sounds too lit
Aww Lawd
someone come in clutch and bring me cough drops dying
It was so good tho, repost it
lyric I lived without watching did she die.?
soft
I swear every little boy is born equipped with sound effects
This is touching
back to work tomorrow the weekend go by to fast.
I swear to god..deleted the thread, pics/vids number...whew a heartbreak
Just shot my final video for my album which going to be released next month shout out to my management
Facts
How is the weekend already over
for some reason I just want to watch scary movies all day
Really good night, but legit sooo tired
I got him outta here! But I had to sacrifice my Climbing Bines cup!
you are not the only one with iPhone issues.
I let them disrespect Clair de Lune like that
I paid $70 for groceries today I get for going out
talk to you like I use too
I really wish I have my BG costume bought already so I could wear my Halloween dance constume instead
Everybody posting so many sweets on IG All I ate from the fair was a chicken gyro proud but jealous now lol
I be trying not to feel like this mane but damn i really feel like this
Boys are so creative when in love must be fucking nice !!
man that gumbo was GOODT
This is one of the best videos ever seen.
It feels sooo nice outside I hope it stays like this forever
This the typa shit I want
I think a good idea for me to do my homework while sipping on champagne but it might spark some thought that can help me out
I want some real good like home cooked
Jessie is my home owner goals .
In Need Of A Boy & Girl BESTFRIEND
TINATAMAD AK PUMASOK
so sick of this
jealous of anybody and everybody who can afford to go to disney land at this time of year
We were supposed to get off the field
She screamed bloody murder when we actually walked out the door and I wanted to cry Be like
Girlie performing a whole overdose in front of kris
His hands
To many bills came at once
C R A M P S
Why so Fine?
Missing summer already
They were terrible
Damn...Archie's cell mate is fine
Leave me alone I check my spelling ok??
I just finished writing my notes for my English class. Whyyyyyy did it end up being 9pages
Dawg Nasty, Reece and Shane are the same age, my age
They're raising the bar high
I wanna go back to NY, I miss it
so tempted to dye the front of my hair like this where is my wig
Not ready for work tomorrow
cooking all week after today
I cannot wait for Roman to play
Waiting on my food
I was born after my time
Lol, what tryna avoid rn.
he edit the pics YES SHOW OFF UR MELANIN KING
Oh my fucking god. a frog inside. We have to throw the whole house away
My 11 year old sister even know there was a Hannah Montana series and it just hit me how old getting
me and brit need Halloween ideas ?
literally sick rn
LOL I always stressing before a night out feeel sorry for my girls
ahhhhhhhhh this makes me so soft! oof you absolute cutie
Man that shit feels like death omg but the pain is well worth it
Ok really hungry
I really look up to Queen I really would love to meet . And I truly love her music
cope with this pain
Amen to that
Aswear
Jesus I wait to be a parent!
Goddamn stubborn knobhead
missing my fishsters
Please! I need it
it heart stop for sure.. leave her alone
Whyyyyyy tho?
hearts literally aching rn
soooo fine. i stayed watching got cus of her
niggas will celebrate passing a drug test by doing drugs.
better be here for this ..Mama wait to see
If only I knew someone that would drive me to Toronto
tryin to get one myself
Finally got my series 4
See, how people see me. Cute tryna be sexy and just cute
my girl better be ready cause writing satanic scripts all over thattt with my tongue
Cardi Be speaking that Shit
I seen him today or last night he need to come on man .
I WAS WORRIED
Masternim already has a boyfriend huhu i lowkey want one too but i myself aren't ready for any relationship yet
No more challenger boyz how did my car catch on fire how lawwwrd
I mad at you, go enjoy the sun !
Damn that pick been so nice bruh
come to Michigan
I want Cheesecake Factory but ima wait
Gang suspended for 4 games. Mini vaca hope he come back doggin shit!
I need to go get some ice cream
fuck all i wanted to do was go to a haunted house this season
tired of being broke need me a sugar daddy
We really done a girls night out before the temperature dropped
hopefully you will win tix through some contest
You really did it the whole 6 weeks
good morning i love kim hanbin, he really is one and only
My sleep pattern is wretched atm.
I done my makeup in so long i may just do it this week just for the hell of it
go down under
Scorpios are the devil
Shit I forgot that was in tonight
Overtired. Over-eaten. Feeling under the weather and so bloated. Hope get a sleep tonight
i need a dude thats gonna fill up my tank
Why are there no good Halloween movies on Netflix WTF!!!
This is literally my 1st thanksgiving away from my mama why i had to be grown & join the military ?
my legs are so sore i freaking walk
I leave for work in half an hour and I REALLY want to
I choose one so I did both
After this weekend at NSU Homecoming, I def realize getting old glad I took an extra day off I need it to rest! Lol
I want some cookies and cream Ice cream.
i want to go to one
I want texas road house so bad
was supposed to cook tonight but so tired
Who can come fit my bed it fell ?
Urgh I have to go to work but about this paper so let me get ready
even know what to cook
TA SUJO
This not fair
I love Emma Roberts talented ass. Diverse to the 100th power
The time my boo from Israel told me he wanted a tiger I was shook but I had forgot they be doing shit like that where he originally from
All these barbs following me getting me closer to Nicki but Ian a barb apart of them kingdom !
why did everyone and their mom decide to come to snow monster today EXHAUSTED
These look and smell so gross Jordan got a pulled pork one today and spilt it all down his jersey
Checa DM
Oh same here and in my original country too all men do is lie
Perfect way to bring my 21st
that mancunian accent coming through he sounds like me lol
look how good i am with my niece tho, she was smiling the whole time
If I feel better tomorrow legit bury myself
I want a chocolate Oreo milkshake
This weekend went by waaaay to fast, not ready to go back to work tomorrow
Bitch I was sleep I defiantly went
You got me wanna miss his callsssss
Legit right around the corner, sounds good
really was! now people scared to get called a food gook
He caught that shit so effortlessly
Man I ate so fucking good just then.
I have to be up for work in 5 hours I need sleep
Think hungover already
ready to start this 2nd job
I want to know job it is at USA to come up with these marathons because this hello go SVU marathon got me in my feelings
I need the process you did
I wanna baby but I
he said heil hitler and white power n abunch of crazy mess it was back in 2012
I want a Pepsi
Stay inbounds!
Just trynna love the same person unconditionally forever Ig I be askin for to much
$ you getting another round going lol
Yessss lmao srsly who has ever taken twitter serious
Nah fr tho
Bitch yes the halitosis be oh so real
Very unhappy with the shape of my body atm, yet I still say no to food and have a bag of lollipops beside my bed!
Thanks for bringing me with
Bought baby girl a sippy cup.
I kinda miss my long hair
Ugh then have to get up, and laying under a ton of blankets watching spooky movies
so hard to not buy my baby stuff when I go to the mall little girls stuff is so freaking adorable
i been craving red lobster for the longest
I fucking hate you bro
I also got my foot stuck in the table
Yeah
I'm even tired
Just spent $170 at the grocery store. A blessing but lawd why is food so expensive
I Get Tired Of FAKE Laughing With My Co-Workers Mannnn Shut Yo Lame Ass
I downloaded it using someone Apple ID so I think work
Okayyyyyyyy fine thank you btw !!
Ahh. I didn't like Shirley either. But Steve wasn't bad.
buena serieeee
Have ever met somebody and you just want to love them.. like genuinely love them
Girl yes like this is depressing I know we all have to leave here one day, but damn like I wish not so soon...
Yall ever broke up with someone and felt a relief, like you instantly become happier ?
but he still took his time to go outside and meet fans and take pics with them ugh i love him sm
This going to be me I wait
trynna get rubbed on this lovely Sunday night
I been out in so long Just been working and grinding I wait to get lit this weekend
really hoping my contacts get here on time
Someone teach me how to play fortnite
my boyfriend sooooo fucking fine all mine
Well true !!
When someone lies about everything and you can easily prove it but you even care anymore
Ima mess rn, outta order torn up goin down you hold me together cold rn
Im ready to go home and cook
Hell yeah shit be missile
I want to go see Halloween
No team is like us THEY WONT FALL FOR THE SAME BS!!! Like wtf jay im bout to cry man cuz i noe we bout to blow this shyt
It makes my skin crawl
I need $60 for some shoes
ugh where do yall find all the cute over sized dressy shirts ?
Lol the ones that you regret haunt me the most
crying
Im so exhausted I want to go home & go to sleep
I'M FIGHTING BECAUSE YOU ARE INCORRECT
if they would just show up
Omggggggggg , congratulations family love you all to death do us part
agreed to go see Halloween
You fine as hell
All my boyfriend do is sleep idk why we could run one place come back home he back sleep
reading is fundamental cuz i def skipped the part where it said "LED" back to square one
I feel ashamed
Talking bout some U know how we rock
Urgh! So much work to do on ! Including fixing not being able to get a linked image for
i even want to be lean but it said chicken alfredo and it looked so good.
I believe the weekend over all ready. This some bullshit
I wanna be spoiled on Day
Feeling sick . I need some lemons so I can make some tea
Lol I agree...
When he does all that...it will be fine right??
Also why in the world did anybody go digging
i really needed that nap
Aweeee come do your hair my first friend at Morgan
looks so effortless
I would find it sooo hard to be veggie/vegan. A meal feel complete without meat
so sick about my car man why me
Bought a new screen protector for my phone. And I already broke it.
so good looking im tired
I need me a male friend I can hang out with and talk to
Mwen ti koulout mwen pran nan zip pantalon m
Omg when it comes to quizzes not A1 and stressed about this
Yes that was it
5 mins left boys hold strong
you know what.... best mini is something new. not a single bad song on that mini
hey y'all, just hitting y'all up just for y'all to know that was a shitty movie, like seriously
I miss the FUCK outta my man
so cold outside
Back to working out tomorrow
I really want pho
we both needa have a girls night out and get all dressed up and shit
So accurate it hurts
(Also "kirabaku" lol)
Everybody is loving the weather & im freezing I gotta get my iron up
A from Pretty Little Liars? Just kidding haha. A is...... IDK
damn I said I was done getting my nails done, but I want them done now
VS just doesn't impress me enough for what they tryna make me pay
Play baby sherk
tryna take me to Olivia garden?
literally at work dying
My body is killing me
Just wanna cuddle and be rubbed down
I still have a costume for Saturday
MIND YOUR BUSINESS!
I catch no breaks
I am even when I try to scroll through my entire timeline it will only go to like some months ago and just stop
Somebody watch The Haunting Of Hill House with me
ready to eat
Bought a new screen protector for my phone today. And I already broke it!
better be here for this ...Mama wait for
cold as hell .
Sooo you are this uncertain?
I could spend all day in B&N
My mouth watering rn
Damn I be that old
Swear this generation softer than motherfucking cotton candy..
just ready to go home and lay down foreal
been so sick ever since we got here on Friday and it sucks cause all I wanna do is decorate but I have no energy to even move
I need my shit done ASAP! I just been had the time
A mango smoothie would be a blessing rn
debating if I should chop my hair or not. Zai is convincing me
This whole squeezing your tits into small bralet trend needs to stop looks out of order
I want a wig
Only Nell would scared the life out of us at this time never a dull moment in our household
I just now realized how little eaten all day why do I do this
So ready for this weekend
my skin is really going through it
too old but I was not bout to get left paying for everybody. She had like 15 cousins with her
Who made it their fucking life goal to take Brother Nature down?
fuck really out here being in love with her literally crying
i just want this day to end!!
My boy turned 6 today ! my lil pain in my ass lol one of those good pains tho i love this boy i cant even
been drinking since Friday not drinking for a long time
I use to loop the shit outta these vines.
i think im too blunt and outspoken
I'm talking about fake people who try to be victims and all innocent lol
ready to throw hands for u i love u & i miss u bb
soooo ready for bed
I need to do no nude lipstick or gloss for 30 days lol I use no other colour
It sucks being a cancer
I need my nails & toes done
this is so f cute ugh lemme hug him pls
Same
So i go to the mall today and seen this and thought about
Smothered pork chops, potatoes, greens and cornbread my man out did himself STUFFTED
yo anyone out here tryna do my homework so i can go back to playing black ops 4
Ha! I miss those things so much.
I need grandma in Dallas to make some meat loaf & gravy for me
Yessss!!!
Cowboys be on some bs
Minutes be long af on the treadmill
I just turned 22 today Ageing is fun
my friends been telling me spoiled for years & I never wanted to admit it but I honestly am
time to get my hair done again
Anyways.... I want some ice cream
walking the runway like Rihanna when she performed at Secret Fashion Show.
A STRUT, HUNTY!
I want to see Criss Angel now.
My boy turned 6 today ! my lil pain in my ass lol one of those good pains tho i love this boy i cant even
Nell and Luke, Shirley and Theo, Steve... gonna miss them
Guess you were right.
So no one told me that Brandon Ingram was cute as fuck
Can't see your face it really be like that sometimes
Keep quiet you too gah dam loud, divert them to someone else
It is the insomnia ni na just plain inability to sleep
My back is killing me literally
The movie IS about references
ready to go to my house
you know what
I need to go get my nails done , it feels like forever since I had them done
Rest In Peace to my brother Justin I love you miss you soooo much
I am not ready for this exam
Man my heart
And it starts at 6am so I gotta wake up in about 5 hours and 30 mins
Please hv a sleep taehyung ssi
shit it looks good imo tho
Argh now I can't find all the database backups I'd made so I can't just burn it all to the ground & start over
Melo face make this shit 10x funnier
Idc what nobody say, losing a bond with someone that you really fw heavy is forever gonna be the worst.
AMAZING but ouchhhhh
On my final food tour and messes up my custard
Want!!!
This makes me wanna get a new one but I until after my two trips
Ooof don't tempt me I need to go to my classes
I hate in Walmart til 10
i want some chinese food
Girl yes for sure
Lol not even fair taking her sexiness and just selling sex
Why am i so shy !! so many missed opportunities just bc im stuck in my own head
soooo ready to leave work and off tomorrow
favourite one direction member by far
All the schools I really want to go to are so far away from my job
SHE REALLY DIDNT HAVE TO
Why so lit in my house
i want a cheesecake
Whew Chile hot
Tired of feeling stressed out
Soooo I been lookin at rooms to rent... do I really wanna drop $500 a month ima be broke as shit if I do but I
so ready to leave Houston
casi 7pm and im ready for bed
I cried in a long time but these cramps right here had me on the bathroom floor crying understand
Yess but I really been craving to eat inside cus they cook so good in the restaurant but I might we until my birthday
this hangover is killing me
not Normani but thanks?
Man God really be looking out for me
Please
I still got time! Just a late minute parent
Just noticed fan YouTube channel has as a presenter whilst we have
Waiting for you to love me
I really have a thing for Powerades
my laptop is set to restart and i can't stop it I'm going to be so bored for the next hour
not ready to go back to work tomorrow i wish I was famous so I could just be on vacation 24/7
I missed Bria so much glad with my bestie
all you
You missed a good one too
Nooooooooo he fumbled the ball
I kind of want to dye my hair back to its natural blonde but had red hair for so long??? like last time my
Im out here looking real crazy in walmart
Yess but I really been craving to eat inside cus they cook so good in the restaurant but I might wait until my birthday
There was a girl at my work training she looked AND sounded just like you
My boy turned 6 today ! my lil pain in my ass lol one of those good pains tho i love this boy i cant even
Cowboys....
Bruh. I even laugh lmaoo. This is too relatable right now. I wait until I finish school and begin
My ovaries
Man, do I love this Tucson rain right now!
breaking a nail is a different kinda mad
I just want it to stay cold mannnnn
I got in a stupid accident & this shit is costing me so much Ive never reached this level of broke
Wow Cowboys
The shower I just had ..beautiful.
sorry I mean to it literally happened to me the other day but of course babe
I really know how I get it all done
gosh agent provocateur has the most beautiful bras but they're insanely expensive and i'm so broke i deserve better
My ma says she misses her baby
Miss my husband already
I'm mad I'm sick today out of all days
46 days till my bday and have no clue what i want to do
I feel like my face is burning
My bedroom set took up the whole damn room
been wanting Wingstop for the longest
Definitely
When you see on a Facebook gaming page damnnn.
` Boaa Cold Asf Thank Goodness I Work Morning Tmrw
Yikes newborn heads are so soft omg poor baby
I could listen to it forever
Someone walk w me to get ice cream
Looks everything plus you boys always have someone on your line
Watching The Temptations
Wow my memories on snap from rolling loud 2017 came up rn and crying
ihh thank you ate! kaya pa hehe
ugh I wait for this
thnks ...
Better go eat her booger something
The way am struggling to study commercial law so boring
Man not brother nature
and here I am again wanting chic fil a on a sunday, pray for me
Seeing babies in car seats on shows that strapped in properly gives me SO MUCH anxiety
It gave me another error
lol wow this statement made is making me want to vomit
Somebody take my card away from me
FUCK
Me trying to get to my couch
Now you must go back for ama trim every 5 days
I am really thinking about switching to a google phone but I want to go through the whole process of building my music on a new app
I miss coop
I want some cinnamon rolls
Dak what are you doing
The boyfriends who let you stay mad for shit always winning
Hatchbacks are childish
She . Really. Out . Here . Living . Her . Best . Life
i got one & it was amazing
i want my hair to be longer
The definitive correction of her name is sending me too
My mommy pissed but i do nothing so good .
I wanted to go first day all sold out until Tuesday. been waiting so long for this
My grandma said you had me so worried but proud at the same time I love her
Broooo i forgot about red beans & rice and famous dish
Amsterdams too gorgeous for me not to live there
Omg only been at work for 2 hrs
Lmao
It's crazy how all these places booked
No you fr !
so ready to see my baby
ASL headasses
SO patient! And polite.
Hahahaha fight the ovary urge, sis!
Fam looooooool they actually beat cancel culture and left hella casualties on the way
Why is this broad updating everyone on her relationship status no one fucking asked Hun
Watching from this position just had me flashing back be like shit look good af
And I freaking love my In N Out
im not even funny i have nothing to offer lmao
not even gonna flex hoco was cute ass hell heels was just too big
i knew it was gonna happen coz they were waiting for yx's album release and the 12kst was monday i woke
& Im scared to call my RA cause this the second time
Forgive me sister it was a moment of weakness it happen again
speechless by Dan + Shay is the type of song that makes you wanna get married
The housing market is going back up.. only getting more expensive and it sucks
All I can say is wow
trying go out Miami, Vegas, and Cali...
Handsome ass
When you have 6 more pages to write before 11pm and this cute face wants to cuddle
Please please please please please please...should I keep going? Please please please please please plEASEEEEEEEE
So glad I have my dresses for my birthday out the way lord knows that was the worst part
really not feeling work today
Well then message me back leave me on read Message me then
I love you more
If I get what I want, then I want it at all
Megan Clark loosing count of how many people slept with is disgusting only 18 ffs even worse that proud of it
in love with her
ok I never wanted to sleep again anyway
I need a new show to binge watch
Yeah if only got one presale code can only use it for one date
I want a smoothie
Wednesday hurry tf up
things getting in November a baseboard - my mattress has been on the floor all yr - a desk, and
I do not wanna go to Houston in the morning
like thick men? And I mean like big booty thick men
B has been watching for C to get home for lunch for like 15 minutes now
wow. the glow.
After Kai finish this project, eat, bath time, then K.O
who wants to take me
A hurt female & her hoe friend is the worst combo them bitches be tryna raise hell
A year ago today i was in a hotel ready to fly to New York the next day
My back is killing me.
Come to Denver Tiff
I just be eating & eating
why Lagos vibes on Spotify
I trust black people near water on Halloween negros play toooo much
I really make the best cookies, they so soft and just melting
i will be going to work at 10 and it's my first work hope i won't messed up
My boy turned 6 today ! my lil pain in my ass lol one of those good pains tho i love this boy i cant even
about to flood with pictures of my BEAUTIFUL face model from today! her face was AMAZING (Thread)
those boots where on earth did you get them?
Did he need to bite lips like that? Wow that's rude
3 straight days with u. having a sepanx tuloy
Not gonna get the W.
I love working at the strip club but hearing the music all night so aggy
Goodmorning
Monday so back to my daily routine. Nuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! Why weekends past so fast???
the best way
not even ready
I need right now. This exactly a cat fish but cmon
in love hubby spoils me too much beyond grateful for him
HEY MAID
I see you got on your maid outfit like you always do
The depression of not having tickets for next week is seriously hitting and not sure if able for it
I need to go home
their minds
craving cake
i be gettin the tea on the all the hoes from my brothers you lil bitches ain't as innocent as i thought
Nope . feelings always get involved , jealousy crawls in & fuck the friendship up .
, My boyfriend & brother in law real live hyped over this game
It felt SO GOOD when I walked outside
BEING AN ADULT IS HARD i keep up with the internet anymore
8 come quick enough
my heart
My boy turned 6 today ! my lil pain in my ass lol one of those good pains tho i love this boy i cant even
This October has been a big ass engagement, wedding and pregnancy szn. Dis 2 much 4 me
is that you in the second pic
girl i think a pay my phone bill bcuz i
so happy for Jordy
Hurry & get off starving lol.
I wanna be sick anymore...
I just want one soooo baddd ughhh ! But there a nigga who wants to see me this happy
are you still in right your boyfriend went on vacation. You gone Thanks dad
I want a cheesy bread stuffed pepperoni lover pizza
Omg soul eater I got a funko pop of soul and I need maka
who allowed him
wHO DOES HE YEEHAW THINK HE IS IM-- but shoot me with that gun fuk it up
Ahhh not ready to leave my son again
Damn I Should Have Made Me Some Cheesecake Bites
Math
damnnnn, really tired.
not surprised wearing heels like she does
I need another phone
I cant believe this
Wow talk about a throwback tho. Everyone is so baby faced
So mad I make fresh greens
this right here on some troooooooful shit, I hate hearing stories about who you been with
This is exactly that weather
I want some food
this lash class is next month... i gotta pray on this
After this weekend of working for the Army exhausted n hungry.
When God Made Seafood , Potato Salad & Steak He Really Thought About Me .. All I Eat
1 hour & I can fly to my bed
Trying to find Halloween clothes/costumes in newborn size is SOOOO hard. 0-3 is already big enough and most costumes are 0-6 ...
My pool numbers are 1&7
Worst feeling when doing 5 hours of DIY is ending up with a massive splinter
I want chipotle or a loaded bake potato
P.s. my phone autocorrected delirious with delicious instead thank god I caught it lolol
Im So Mean I Never Was A Friendly Person But Deadass Starting To Not Fuck With Nobody Everybody Weird
Throw a whole ass attitude lmao bad
I wait to have a whole closet filled with Burberry clothes
Love a good vicious turtle
theres literally shards of glass missing from the bottom and the crack I had was made exponentially
Ugh so humble..
Damn sorry I was at work but I stay n Peachtree Corners
ready for my daughter to come home
so not ready for this....
Just found out the third season of Skam Italia started two weeks ago and all the way shook
Sundays at work be so slow and boring
I was playing my playlist at home missing you
Better get my heart medication
I need my juices sucked
Lazy Sunday back to work in the
I eat once a day my stomach so fucked up
Really wanna go back to commerce
Why I sleeeeep
Yes girl my Bestfriend and my diary all in one
one more night with her and im going to flip out
Just woke up
Please put this on the dinner menu
I tell you!!! like Hassacas vs Olympics.
Wilf knows...
Highhhh
Can I have another week off yet?
Petite girls it these days
damn I miss twhy
He just said his TL was loading slow because it was too many coons but I think that was it
May ALLAH ease
Do it on facebook
why do white ppl tuck their shirts into their jeans
I really want seafood broil
Time for some new candles
lmaoo she always asks where I get it from, and her fault
He can whisper in my ear and my nipples go brick he can look at my shoulder and my lady bits catch a hot flash
I wish I had really curly hair, but no instead I have all this unnecessary frizz
I am so tired today, I even rested
AMAZING! Someone book my flight to Portland
This homework
This not being able to sleep bullshit again
I Wait Untill When I Find Somebody That Is Soooo Down For Me They Gone Get So Much loyalty That Its Gone Be Scary
i been acing all my work this semester with As and Bs , just got a A on my project . i been working so hard man
My phobia of snakes is so hectic just seeing one makes me want to cry.
SEULGI UNNI SO CUTE
Oh, great.
Football 101: Do not loose ball in end zone. Throw it
baby fever so real
, over here dead cause my brother in law keep saying give em some Tylenol everytime a cowboy player get hurt
Straight focus until this is accomplished
I wish all my niggas was here with me
me either my shrinkage is too real I need it to chill out
Then i gotta wash my hair somebody come help me please not ready
Im cold
You actually did that
take that durag off, lets see how u really look
baby them durags be doin justice
alright lit
I really be tired from existing man
Indeed a new mattress man sleeping on cardboard
so sad how shit turned out to be
my holidays ends tomorrow pls rest well on yours!!
Let this serve as my bi-monthly reminder to you that football, is in fact, pain
, just need the Cams on the channel
The only thing that really be on my mind is what scent of Dove soap use this week
But how is it any of your business agh
Ask me whatever cause bored
Someone come over when off work
Ingram suspended for 4 days
Now mad cause I said I have a date
21. Only English and Spanish but my English is not THAT good tho
What do you want from me you already have all my love, what else?
Why is it so hard for them both to want a photo
bitches rappin at rocky but i know some guys wrote it cuban a whole ho
Why it so hard to not litter tho??
Woke up to unnecessary drama, little things like this happen
149 beldum and 0 shiny
I'm dyin to know who's baby it is on absolutely ascot , I don't do suspense it's killing me
i was named first damn i love u babe ur amazing
Can this kid not do anything?!
Lmaooo. The kids are so confused. Millennials were really out here coding and making our own cds. I stan us
I wish I was this caring
If on bad terms fuck you and your problems bitch.
I need a sugar daddy because whew
Bruh I fr hurt myself last night in that haunted house my shoulder lmao
Glad work goin by fast
my whole body is so sore
i just saw the tiniest baby girl newborn at the store and now i have baby fever dammit
Ok... The Hate U Give had me crying the entire time
know them mfs sell it bettttt hopefully my skin can look as good as yours.
Why does the weekend go so freaking quick
so been asleep since 5pm and even wake up for dinner
Imagine having a big dick, loyal, low, all about you and his money
Are u serious? anyways love in sharing!
i hope pesci will visit me in my dreams tonight
I love a bad bitch
This lady keep watching this ID channel
Whee are those friends when you need them
Bruh that girl Jai def look like she bleaching her skin
The chorus and beginning
Last time i has sugar cane i was like 6
waiting on this call all day
Oh thank goodness the restart time has been changed to 7 hours from now my prayers have been answered
I just got back from New York... week went by too fast
I gain even more self love everyday
Really trying to join a team but hit anything decent
Yes! Since when did we become advertising agents for our friends
this needs to be a challenge
I even afford an Apple
I really wanna move
Thank you sweet Jesus that none of these nutjobs are in my family.
new mattress is fucken amazing
I know, the only reason why I said yes
Nah... this be real! sad
i swear if alba end up with francisco , im gonna be hella mad
Heartbreak first thing in the am when u get a msg from someone sending their regards to Dad
First of many I bet. Lord harden my heart
hey there delilah
what's it like in new york city
\
|| \_
Counting the days till I see Gee 30 more days
i just watched it, Sjava did the most
sorry going through it if it helps, your babies are awful precious!
I think you jinx me
These flags have completely changed the game, so frustrating
The wind almost took my whole life away today
Foreal tho ahahha ty
trying to leave it in another 3 weeks
New job me please
scarface szn makeup couldnt make my face any more prettier than it already is.
Lowkey scared my man not gonna be attracted to me anymore, lol I lost 23 pounds since I met him
Okay, I have no more ovaries.
I done went to the bathroom three times
If the shoe fits..
I wish people stay of my page and stop copying and pasting it to Michael I stand when he can tell me what writing
Alarm will ring by 6:00.. I never sleep
tryna go to
Why does the weekends have to go by so fast
nauseated fasho, i cant tell with everyone though so i dont think it counts only people i know personally.
so full
I still cant believe zeds dead played behemoth last night
I really wanna shower but only because my eyebrows look perfect rn
Pulling strings with my job so I can pull up on tonight
wait for my auntie to get back
What?!!!
Really craving Jamba Juice
will you ever do a venom/lucky you or fall cover? Say yes
Listen to You Know What To Do
Mine Again
That Chick
And tell me what you think of each
I get my laptop, colcha, and pillow and I lay on the sofa. I start watching my show and I get a notification that my battery is low
Thanks I have Taylor swift on Friday in Melbourne so gotta fly there
When you think you found the one but then she want you
Yesterday I broke my glasses, today I broke my middle finger kind of scared to face tomorrow now
The way that I am used to make you happy
Kayaknya dia emang problematic deh. I saw she ever talking bad about snsd and said like dumb sone
So this buwan song is insanely playing on my mind every fucking time
Lulu sure is taking her sweet ass time with these love readings
Do I wanna wash my hair tonight
Yup. Cowboys might have a comeback
Thanks Mel , this period is so stressing
All I ever think about are my 2019 plans...
When you feel like a semi truck ran over you but you have children
Alexa, take care of my
Money is the furthest thing of beauty
I badly need to fix my nerds neck
Alright my nerves getting a LIL bad
at the super market and a guy really just asked me if I wanted a ride home Isahia would of broke his face without even blinking
Me and rob fell asleep at 9 last night and now I'm completely awake at 00:00 ... just another 6 hours to wait then
I can feel my heart beat through my feet walking all day feels like actually willing to pay for a foot massage lol
Ugh right! I miss it
Talk about stomach pains
so tired. Lmao been a long day
Tomorrow is monday?
Same thing I was thinking about being stranded
They ignore me too
i just want some chitterlings
Same holding call
I needed that. Thanks
at the ep where **** dies
Finally about to get in n out, been FOREVER
That turn around to LA be doing the trick
tried to sleep and not working
close friends my fav song
been picky head for too long.
Saints got my nerves bad!!!!
Can someone post Lai Mohammed's address so the Israelis can do whatever they want with him and leave the rest of us out of it?
Road trip friday means i seriously gotta get this mirror done this week
This is for my girlfriend, this is for my this is for my girlfriend this is for my BFF girlfriend a undefeated bop
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN OR HEARD SOMETHING SO BEAUTIFUL IN YOUR LIFE
gonna need this roast to hurry up
ONE TIME my mom threw a cabbage at my head because she asked for lettuce and I brought back a cabbage instead still not over it LMAO
Wow
My family love me fr out here dolo
The stitches in these sweatpants are coming out at the bottom
Forever wanting Olive Garden
LOOK AT HER JUST TAKE A MOMENT AND APPRECIATE
I used to wear 2 years ago
Still tipsy & all I want is some Winston-Salem State University
this is perfect, my nights off are always Mon/Tues/Thurs so I'd only have to miss Fridays + one weekend stream
My head is pounding
I need a new phone
I want TLC
I need to cookout these close up study and pin curl my hair
I need a glass of wine
Well, I guess 4 games is not bad for Brandon Ingram. I honestly thought he would get about 10 games because of that sneak punch.
Today is Sunday
Someone send me a Nothing Bundt Cake for my birthday
Saints wtf had one job one fucking job
Saboochie And David Left Me Too Early Sleepy Now But Smh Shitty Asses
still in the bed
Omg it burns!!! And so cold
Why is everything trying to play either 5 sharps or flats
I know!
It was so quick in the moment I really wasn't expecting that shit.
I swear, my hotspot
on everything the person I want be ignoring meeeeee
Just waking up & its 7 , yep ima be up tonight
Kartier really dont feel well
Whew Chile
This is true pain
Here for the 1$ drinks but
Man hired me as his muscle.. I clean Rondo clock for a quarter of that suspension pay
GOD TRU im so close to executive platinum
exactly... I like when a woman's weight fluctuates... I admire her versatility
before I go to work , I know ima be in pain
How
so bored
I need a back massage
a hopeless romantic
What a woman y'all
Wtf saints
12*31 be 28 ! Too close to 30
I have never seen someone look so sexy while eating..
Why do teachers always give homework on weekends?
I miss him so much omgee them calls do not be long enough HOOOOOOW do live like this too much of a crybaby I WANT DADDYYYYYY
Sjdjjsj I love your layout
We need Romo back
Recovery Gotta love it.
now all of sudden I want the anastasia dip brow instead of my pencil
I'm not worthy BLESSED
Warm cookies and ice cream
honestly the worst person to bring to a football game I genuinely feel bad for my bf
The Baltimore ravens. Im losing years off my life bc
Why am I starting to get sick??
Baby mi come back here ooo
Home alone hearing bare noise
Only 1 more day til week but I need it now. The wait is agonizing.
i am stunned at this news rocky is top 2 females outta detroit and they really tried to knock her out
Lord please watch over the ones I love
Wasted this damn gorilla glue on my pinky
Omg wig, I rememeber all of this, I was in Kindergarten
I have 3 brothers and 2 sisters . Love them soo much
Dear dog almighty. What sort of class have I created?? anyway.
Can I get a different baby daddy I want mine worthless
Thisss Me Asf
I wait for Wednesday already
I need rosemary
Deathstoke, Domino, Bane
I still love Black Widow!
Oh my after all day know your stomach was eating your liver
Why is it so hot?
It never fails every time I curl my hair it stay curly. Even tho I use hair spray and other products. Smh
The only mosh pit before security broke them up for the rest of the night
Exactly why I love being from Boston you Brockton kids a whole different breed YALL WEIRD MY G
Akulaleki I have to be at work at 10
aNO BA TALAGA
Can I have 1/16th of that?
Looks are deceiving also dead at Chris squeezing you all mad hahaha a big boy
Big and painful though
Shit be stressful!
Lately been going to Walmart everyday, now I have to take these pillow cases back because I bought the wrong size
lmaoo yo sou 7 music gazzman la Flave gonw pye ok
They so little
i already did allat though
After killing what I would describe as a tarantula, ready for who God has for me
Jorge always just wanted to make everyone laugh and never took things too seriously, he was just the kind of person everyone needed around
Is it really Monday again?
Finally brought up all my winter stuff and now that means I have to deep clean my room AND I have clothes to put away and my presents
Been in this pain all dam day
You know when you hug someone and you can feel the love
I just fucked up the back of my head so bad
what?
I hate any type of videos games, cause I be getting ignored while tryna have my tiddies sucked on
old, My body recovers at the speed of a 65 year old
Sexton needs more minutes the only one that can stop Trae Young right now!
Me too apparently not a legit excuse??????
his mind
Dari ganu bawak motor. Sampai2 hantr location kat akuu and aku ignored dia for that three days! Why so heartless murni !
Ready to go take a walk on thanksgiving before the food done
Home in 6 weeks, come quick enough
FTR ur lil movie clips have had my azz in tears twice today demmit.
Yes, I cried over the clip idc
Yoooo tucker jus missed a fucking extra point
Today fucking dragged..shout out to those who could enjoy it
sucked, licked, slurped allat
looking forward to this doctor appointment on the 14th I wannnnna drink take me off these meds
Being able to only see ur man once a week is brutal
on the last episode of Gossip Girl! going to be a mess all week
I need a nap before I start on these quizzes
I love yerim so much
My boyfriend been cutting up so bad tempted to order a pack of miracle water
I Really Want That Tv Stand With The Fire Place
Busy calculating my compensation per class and got the sum of 14 then I realised it's 14 dollars .
Me every time
Allergies can literally fuck off I even breathe and this funny. My face is so swollen
No seriously
What a way u delisional... when last u see hellshire water look green suh?
My chest
i wait
Sarcasm o.
Im starting to like brownskin girls yall fire
who is she
Evt is sore
Gavin and I got VIP tickets for his show at Emo's. We got signed posters and special beanies too
All I need is the saints to win and I get $350.... come on.
Im on twitter like 24/7 and the second Pewds posted about the Q&A I online
I need to know how to watch this. Lol Netflix? Hulu? Showtime?!
I Want Some Popeyes So Bad
ugh your mind
Oh Jesus guys!!!! Kevin has stopped buying Irish butter!!!! How will we COPE? Awful news
I wanna get tatted tomorrow to bring in my birthday, but then I also wanna sleep the day away.
Bloody hell fire!! Performance of class is worse dan when you take the quiz!!
good bubble bath otw
hm girl I was so fuck drunk yk I went home got my man right then passed out in the mf shower
facts
going to Berlin 8 till 12 November but I wait so long and tempted to go the next weekend too ufff I love that city
What you so damn pretty for
It is what it is
I need some tacos
I miss my baby
are they sure they are only acting ?
so mad I missed out on the crab leg broil
I miss my wifey
Omg the ravens he missed
never missed before !
Lowkey cant wait to watch Halloween
I love playing UNO, but everyone else seems to not be with it I want a Jeffree.
I supposed to work overnight tonight and starting a new job in the morning
yall damn well aint gon be none left, shit i may not even get to get another bowl
How did he miss that XP
Yes excited for Homecoming but Halloween man, last year was truly iconic
Had soooo many hair orders these last 3 days & I loveeee it .
It went straight to winter time up in the city
This weekend has been the worst ever so fucking stressed out I'm in a fucking mood ... Maybe a little
sound sooo good right now
One more hour in this piece
i just want some chitterlings
Exhausted and sleepy
I have a way yet but screw Baltimore, get us home to Nash
Fur dogs sake!! You too Oscy!!
I cannot believe how many times I have vacuumed my living room today.
because sista girl they just be wanting to know if they man dealing wit others
..bitch! Saints! imma catch a heart attack soon..
LMAOOOO DO NIGGAS STILL FIGHT OVER LARRY ON TUMBLR LIKE IS THAT STILL A THING
i need new people on snappp. add me or drop your name lindsay.nicolec
I really need to take my hair down but im always at work
The wind said not today ravens
He work there, he was there to get a car wash. Why are ppl getting confused
He called it
Can someone recommended skincare products for oily skin im v desperate at this point
Baby will not go to sleep ...please send help
everything crashes down at once
a saint
Wow saints win
I tried to hate 6ix9ine... but.......................... I resist
Oh you really do have all of them your twists out are bomb though my are shit
Halloween next week I need to get Jayla custom
a character
i be so cold i lay with the heating cover & heater
I keep fucking up my legs
I just want to experience Boots and Hearts at least once
LMFAOO i cant drink that without a chaser cus just so nasty
FUUUCKKKK
I want shrimp
Craving a whole thanksgiving meal
just gave me that
Mobile Phone Carrier Services
O. M. G. Justin Tucker misses an extra point kick. oh geeze. Wtf????
My next boyfriend has to have the same energy about traveling as me!!! I just wanna visit the whole world
enjoying this weather
finally home & exhausted from today
Why did I change my schedule
Being drunk makes watching the game a little easier
Man hired me as his muscle.. I cleaned clock for a quarter of that suspension pay
seriously how does one get ashton to follow them?
Hoop session been smooth! Lol dead af
I want wings from pizza hut!!
just trying to get on this get a slice list
Justin Tucker, wow. First missed extra point of your career... and you leave it for this game
i might die from all dese chainz chokin me in my sleep
Same. but also
I really understand how feeling, all I know is I never wanted out so bad
COME THRUUUU
pull up papas
i cant wait for new beginnings
ready to get home
In both eyes at that
8/8 so far. 2 games from $1120
Me and my man have the best sex omg he tell me he gone kill me every time he it ouuu bae whipped I love him.
Got random marks come up on my face and have no idea where come from
People with small feet, who can buy their shoes from the junior section.
You lot are blessed
coming
hes really going through the tag fuck my ugliness omg heyyyyy
i really need to stop eating out en la
I am literally so bored I only text like 2 people and they replying back my life sucks
I want Starbucks
WOW JUSTIN TUCKER
Somebody come save me from work
Pls take me to see A Star is Born this week
I need some new people to text. Somebody hmu
Praying I get done with all of this work by 11 because sleepy
why i mostly post and GO now so many ppl do nothing but post about other ppl and what they be doing
I be allowed to have crushes.
Need my hair done
The Cullen Legacy vibes
I wanna watch suicide squad
Can I just fast forward to the day my daughter and i finally move away
Year after year Cowboys contribute to my alcoholism but stuck in this toxic relationship
Designated Survivor is wild
When the pay till tomorrow
My daughter getting a ponytail period or ponytails cute for a little girl
WOW, heartbreaking for the Ravens
a sophomore in college and I love ashanti
Tucker looked liked dreaming
My cat brought it inside. I gotta throw her away. Once I do that, moving out
I want to spend money but I need to save it
My ears are still ringing from shooting guns
Jhene- living room floor flow a fucking mooood
Last whole week of this bs thought I gone last
I need a break
You almost there
Like a reoccurring nightmare RT Again
hungry asf
I wait to cut my hair tsd
No wonder she's leaving, y'all can never give my baby a break.
so so sorry!!!
The world would be a much better place if every town had a Trader
Lmaoooo all joke aside it deserved better tho, really a good album
Mother house
A plastic surgeon
Being a girl sucks 3-6 days a month!
so hard running across somebody on the same page as me
getting Brother Nature AND his replacements out of here with the quickness
Michael thinks funny, he thinks everything funny but not
I need to sleep but I wanna playyy what do I doooo!
Jasmine rice is the BEST RICE EVER
RUNNING SO I WON'T BE LATE BUT THERE'S NO PROFESSOR!!!!!
My heart hurts for my tucker babe. We were both confused
you should be with him i cant compete
They deleted the tweet
Man I got to get my life together
Lost my bracelet and I seriously want to cry
Couldnae sleep even if a tried. People have no thought for people in the next room every nights the same
also me when u post a pic i love you!!! i love this friendship!!!
Niggas I know love telling me they love me
That shit look crazy.
I feel like dying. I hope this karma for me passing on the flu shot recently for the umpteenth time
- Thank god i grew up bc the old me would be so messy rn
Listen man Idk why so tired
I really believe Tom Benson blew down from heaven to make Tucker miss that field goal
I really hope the Packers have a good game plan for the Rams next week
Yes! it trippin I love eating that
The most annoying part about wearing makeup is taking it off after a night out. Someone remove for me pls
Tell me why i just ate a plate of food and im still hungry
i really need to stop eating out en la calle
Bored n Hungry work... and I don't want no pizza
My body has been hurting a lot lately
Ok now i gotta do aubrees hair lord please be with me
On me
Craving for bacon and sausage flatbread
My back starting to hurt
I cracked my flat iron
lmfao niggas sounding like tricks out here i hope this tweet got you pussy
this woman is beautiful as ever
h-her abs
I swear to god
I have a biggest crush on ksoo
Idk how many times said this
Trying to do deep breathing and thinking about all the times JT has saved our asses with game winners and 50 yarders
Bath and Body Works bandit strikes again. God damn that shit smells terrible
no one feels worse than Tucker right now
On God. I love LA wayyyy better than Atlanta
so ready to eat
I need a titty in my mouth
I read much into it either just saw what Rocky put on her page
Since they have a bigger size in the original costume we had to change our idea
Okay but why is he so fine
Jman and this horrible cough
someone put me on to some fire Jamaican food in the city or bx
even have fun at the party, worrying about someone else
Someone come write my paper
I love my man. I love his snoring.
I have never related to a tweet more
Omg glad I'm not the only one that's noticed this! And with my skin being oily it's horrid damn
I want corn rows again anyone know who can do them?
I really be out here like
YOURE 22?! what the
Why did I agree to go in early
I wish we had a Johnny Rockets back home shits
What was the episode in which Lydia is training and asks Alec if he will cancel the wedding after she arrested Izzy?
Anyways is this Nintendo themed park real cause for real
Damn a crazy and a girl too damn that sad
So ready to hold my Ky Pooh and to see tbh if he really going to look like his mf daddy
Aweeee boo! what here for!!!!
I been with them
sore asf dawg
can someone introduce yoongi to eminem already? it'd be so epic
Two years ???? Woah that has gone way to fast
I got to see my nieces yesterday i miss them
What the fuck ok tucker
january needs to hurry up. this the worst feeling.
My body so sore
Anyway candlelight is underappreciated... ever been in a room with just one candle going and music playing ?
he really my mf babyyyy
Wentworth got my nerves bad
That was after 45 sec of trying to pull her off her and saying over, let her
I could cry about the weekend being over right now
get over me, BIG weird for quoting my tweet when you even follow me
is it thundering for you aswell?
Im bout to KO after this meal..
I wish this weather would stay, so perfect
I honestly was tearing up during the speech
understand how is still single, everything you need and more
I graduated from Ocean Lakes & feel so seen right now
I like the scent of bleach
Snack shopping was a fail...I went grocery shopping instead
trent got more friends then me 3 of his friends knocked on the door and one called my phone.
don't think I'd ever wanna come back to Korea for the simple fact that I've been sick 3 out of the 4 weeks I've been here
We still dont know the title of what we buying
Man we got lucky on this game
looking for an outfit for this interview and losing my mind
I can see a horror movie taking place there
weird, no doubt, but i that weird
Working 7 days straight
This pregnancy is so hard
Man I done fcked up taking that long ass nap
Someone make sure ok.
Tucker bro first missed Extra point ever
Really me
Skins please don't blow this game
Man cutting out here i know it feel good in Florida
Just tryin to get through this
and you decided to fall
I knowww cooking some this week!
I miss Waffle House so much
Why can i taste this tweet
ucking craving BWW
I like this new phone wtf
get rid of a nigga that quick
Girl he's papi material for real
forreal!!! all the photos look so beautiful and I just listened to the album preview, I'm so ready
68 Lincoln towncar looking right tonight
Notes & proposals all day, my damn fingers feel like marshmallows. Numb as shit.
I wanna try one of cleanses so bad but scared.
, really starting to hurt to sit up for a long time like it feels forced .
ion know what it is but I love to see a nigga in some white forces
Man, I could fuck up some Chuys right now
we both know that
Sad night
life happens
My loved ones gone get un abrozo y un beso for this Xmas. a bitch broke broke
I wanna see it now
Aw no I have really bad stomach pains so I sleep hope the thunder goes soon!
Work tomorrow gone be so hype
ummmmm maybe because... you are
been doing hw all day
3.2
Y'all my best friend stay cooking for me everytime I spend the night with him now
What happened to veils, long sleeves, long trains you get this dress once in your life and most just look like average evening gowns. Sad.
going clean my car tomorrow it's a must it's a must
This game is stressing me out
i ont like mine no more just because of molly
I say this until I get paid
My grandma really be doing the damn thing in the kitchen
A Million Little Things
hungry asfuck
Been stuck in traffic for 5 hours already trying to cross the border
I hate driving back to Jackson
When you think you have all the time in the world but you really
I'm still confused
Nene blocked me because I retweeted moose comment.
My fam coming in clutch buying all these flauta feed tickets from me
just now recovering
Need me a real KiwiSaver
I miss Aaron I been acting
The strawberry milkshake is just life and the grilled onions !
Benji and his gets me every time his light is so beautiful
Watching Why Do Fools Fall In Love forgetting how much I loved this movie I know it word for word Frankie Lymon
I need expectations now
sterling k. brown is so sexy to me, omfg.
I just wanna be home with my friends
I want a tattoo on my neck but ion know of what.
Some el greezy sounds bomb rn
Same I work way too much
This is exactly what I said
This is beautifullll keep it up all year
amazing right?! Thanks b
yeah ur right just a weird feeling now bc. I do anything we goin thru it
so fucken hot
Its so hard to pick one rn cause i just want any kind of love
been trying to get all the way up fr all day and I I even seen outside today
supreme flick of the supreme BITCH
I love where I live
Week 11 will be easy
i need her surgeons details because she looks amazing wtf
I'm seriously cuddling a pillow
My legs are hurting sooo bad
saw a cute boy at the and your girl had no balls AGAIN WHY LORD Diosito help me find him
You look amazing Michelle the big 50 this year
I still wanna take lash tech & nail tech classes i got a lot of shit to do man.
SAME THE GIRL FROM MAGIC SCHOOL WAS CUTE. I HOPE ITS SOMEONE CUTE AND TALENTED LIKE HER.
been sitting out here for almost 2.5 hours and seen one deer
Damn starting the thanksgiving convo and really starting to hit that im not gonna be around for those festivities
This pj movienight started at 7... why I there yet
The Jonas brothers
its a article & the video inside the article , its so nasty
I have yet to pick apples, carve pumpkins, make apple crisp, SLOW DOWN OCTOBER
Tell to throw me on a track what they missing
What yo
i want my nose re-pierced
Im so excited for this Mixtape. I already know it's going to be good
The surgeon did Her titties so good irritated
I hate attention so bad, why i hate having to stop with my military uniform on, leave me aloneeee please
That a nuh ntn fr but mi wear it
trying to decide where to take Mariah for her bday
My cravings have been off the mf wall. Like I finna b satisfied unless I got these certain cheese fries. whole brat & everything.
Roy woods can have my babies
just tryna find someone to be my Chuck Bass for halloween
I LOVE YOUU
My boy tucker... smh that was a gut shot fuckkkk mannnn
At work. My car staring at me through the window. Begging to leave no Hannah, we leave yet.
i NEED to see for my 16th birthday!!!
I really wanna nap rn but I sleep later
I want the xs max over this x
but it is sis had to pull the receipts
whew chile that game almost gave me a heart attack .
I want a Philly cheesesteak but i wanna drive
I hate taking medicine
its been a long day
I Really Dnt Have Mind Room For Mingling .
exhausted
Lmao thank you for this. glad not the only one
Reality sucks
My mom & stepdad dropped $400 in 24 hours on me just because IM SO THANKFUL FOR THEM.
you caught that, finna propose lol
Just when I said I gon spend any more money... you drop this! Now I gotta fit this in my budget! I need this!
Why would you lie like that daddy
thanks jay i just grabbed enough for lunch tomorrow and peaced out
awwwh no!
Why do the weekends fly by so quickly
Tamar Braxton Love and War does something to me
please drop more of these I just got off work and people are already trying to
Quiero Domingos de LuisMiii
Bruh when you miss that extra point that cost you the game. that hurts.... oh well my saints survived. We need
stop playing
speaking this into existence
Miss my hunny already
Where do you guys find these type of boyfriends ?
San Gabriel is such a boring ass school gabs Homecoming was lit af smh I hate our administration
for real crying! look at the little walk!! so happy
Britney is in Austin rn
I Really Hope Kailee Dnt Cut Up When This Girl Braid Her Hair
I deserve a vacation at the end of this semester
I hate when my baby get sick
and i mean it when i say my whole life
Cue me throwing a fit because I know I have to go on to get my masters
My heart ....
So. Close. up, Tuck???
Nigga gave me henny and I had a flashback to my dad making me take Cough medicine
Please. You know I will
I wanna go too work tonightttt
Everyone's coming for me today
Both my teams ODU & Saints got the W so i complain but always go to the wire
Lol everyday must be a celebration for yo ass.
Wow I need to do my homework but I keep going to sleep
still a lot lol.
not as sexy as you
I find myself looking at people in relationships bc I miss my boyfriend sm 225 miles seem like much
See this couldnt be my man. Every bitch got to go to sleeeeeep.
i wish you did too so you can make me some
Alright it, I need someone to shoot Bc school is too stressful
I feel so bloated my boobs weigh like an extra 30 pounds, when did I sign up to be a female
Good things always continue you the way you want it
Exhausted. Work ruined my taco bell plans
I love how the acknowledged her songwriting back then
Damnnn my lil baby fineeeeee
Wow smh tf I just knew these was about to win
Need a whole body massage
i have a confession never watched Always Sunny no hate
lol it's tiring tbh
I swear so tired of mfs
congrats to
Ugh your mind
Why I find an undated fitness planner like the one I used to have
My hair is getting longer and longer and so hard to deal with
I be resisting the urge to scratch my belly but this itch!? Has me running to Coco butter every single time
I miss Bailee she leave me every weekend we get to do any fun stuff anymore
Wanna swiiiiiiim~
I just worked out and took a nice a shower
Every time I come to my grandma house she be trying to make me fat. I just ate banana pudding and sweet potato pie
had a cold this entire weekend so annoying
I think I just met you, not rude I was just caught off guard
Wish I had someone to come home to after days like this
whole family just said we look alike
May is acc THE FUNNIEST person I know
hanging in there
If you do make a video with me please
you did not say his husband yelling
My cousins make me so sad on IG & FB ! Always telling me how much they miss me and wanna meet my boys Idek what
I miss doing this
He like you oughtta care but I CANT
so blessed ugh I get so lucky but so far away...
Some bbq wings right now
being a cowboy fan is soooo stressful
Not that my mood changed from grumpy to happy once I ate
TF
No one ask me to hang !!! I need to save money not spend it
A quickie will take the soul out you
Muse just showed smoothies in pineapples at the Gathering Place I need to go
Nails cost 2 full tank gas of my car but my work needs it remove before first day r u shittin me fml
Me moreeeeee
The atire thing for the week is annoying me
gotta go to sleep i got work in the morning
The news I just received >> so excited!!
Haven't listened to The Distance all day Time to go spotify
Some of lack soooo much self respect on this app I say less though lol.
Idk who told my dumb ass to volunteer to do this group paper
you did not say his husband yelling
still know what about to wear for the 27th ughhhhhh
why is this so damn accurate hahah love my vanilla flavored coffee & tequila shots con
God I know we asked for it to get cold but you dropped it to fast
Whenever I be finna get a tattoo & he be opening up the needles & shit my anxiety starts up
Had to get tf off Facebook cause i just kept seeing negativity bruh
didn't know lsu people was like that
Trust me I know. I know why torturing myself
I be stalking offset ig that man so fine
Every Time I Log Into Twitter Exactly What I Came Here For
need Oreos for my ice cream..
How I give him the time, whew 7yrs was far to long ya Allah Shurkan for removing that burden out my life
love story is so cute cryin
it been released first I love this song!
They sent that with their whole chest
These 89% gonna be the death of me
YaAllah total dia ....
I really just want to go home I need a break
Lord please give us this W
they need to put OZ on so I can binge watch the fuck out of it
I need to teach my brother how to drive I do not wanna pick him up
This is the cutest thing ever
Im really glued to my bed
It should've been Armie thoooooo.
come on burn the clock
SHE IS VERY GORGEOUS TO ME
\
( (>
_/ \_
I want a daughter so bad...
All I can do is think about the next time going to see you
Man that Mr.Seafood was soooo good
Im gonna have to get it in the morning thank you though!
It took me 30 minutes to get gas today... 7/11 is the worst Boy do I miss living by a
Now I do love a good bathrobe
fully doing the most
1.5 months left
i want to live in stars hollow more than anything
Back to realidad... Monday morning traffic is... ughhh!
About to have a heart attack here
Know his breath stank
I hate that feeling when your tongue feels so dry
uwu this is precious heh also 20 ?? oH gosh not yet that's a next year problem
Dans The Haunting of Hill House, des passages super tristes qui me font bader fort
All these vaginas soooo beautiful
The struggle is real
Joining after graduation might be the move. I miss my family . Only got a few weeks to decide
I hope your concert is after the 23rd
Trying to get skinny is literally so hard
Lmao is exposing my whole youth on her IG stories and I just wanna say I've moved past that phase in my life ok?
Not into it being completely dead ass dark at 7:00 PM
I miss my red bathrobe. so warm
So I have a voice again, but my manager told me that I sound like an old man and sent me home again off to the
THIS IS SO FUCKIN CUTE!!
starting to feel my back pain from my accident. FML.
Mazi taking steps I hate that Norman not here to witness his baby girl get big!
see myself wit nobody but him
trying Igot plans anyways !!
Vegas hurry already
been sleep all day and ready to go back
Is there a name for that melancholy feeling that follows you around for a day or so after you finish a sad (but good) game/book/series?
I cannot wait to get another car Father
bored yo
How is that POSSIBLE??
wait for thanksgiving
Bruh I got a good laugh outta this cause I work tomorrow too
so ready to ge back on camp !
high key exhausted
Monday
I need you. RIGHT NEEOOWWW.
Omgg the industrial piercing was my worst piercing
typing different phrases and names into a search engine is totally illegal
Scratch the bs, really about to be mother bruh i feel like sooo blessed Not lucky, but BLESSED omg
My uncle got me smelling bad like yuck Muslims do the most with that cologne shit
I been around the world and back tryna find these shoes in my size
That nigga too much for me. Lol you wanna slap that nigga 95% of the game RT Boyyyy Dak stressful as hell.
There's something absolutely therapeutic about being in the kitchen especially on a Sunday
I have never wanted something so bad I need this degree , I aint stopping till I get it
Just cost me FUCK!
Not living in Cleveland is hard..but i do love being home. just bitter sweet
I gave myself some straight backs , I deal with the puffy hair y til my hijab look
Fine ass
wayyyyyy too nice
My body feels so weak I need a shower & my bed
I want some braids or a sew in
diay seguirlo en Twitter
ok so it is normal to cry everytime you get cramps bc I rlly be bawling my eyes out for no reason
Oh loooord you have a brother??? AND cute too???
What will I do when is finished.. lucky enough tho a celeb will be starting soon ..
But for my bf bday
When somebody hit me to Write for them pretty much like living my dream
15 hours byahe.
Yesterday while at the beach, small fished were being chased by big fish, and we were caught in the crossfire.
Nasty ass ER with all these germs ewww
I actually got one too. I believe copying me
Girl, yes I love the speed but Jeez
Gunna kill me bro he always talk about you
Being very emotional just not making it no better.. God I NEED you!
J. Tucker what happened?!
So jealous
Me too
i want a peach filled french toast from ihop
someone take me to a redskins game. havent been to one in yeaaaars
Happy 6th Birthday to my meatball! please stop growing up
Zayn's liking the shit out of y'alls selfies omg i feel like posting mine now
He probably got another lioness pregnant
House shopping is so exhausting
Brains dead for
Really enjoyed my weekend off now back to regular programming
i love sm this video of us doing the makes me so happy... i was concentrating so hard on
ready to move...new city/state, new people, new job, new everything
Watching everyone enjoying fall is making me bitter because I work every single day and done anything fun since Utah
people are so kind to me beautiful morning!
just heard EA by Nudy for the first time today
Liberals have no lives
so tired of temporary ass people, oh my gosh.
Bring him back
next girl that i date or talk to has to go to church with me.
too many people i know passing & doing some to me
My tattoo artist is fucking magical
I know I came for people that came for Rihanna back then. No need to apologize def still do it again
His tweets when he was 13 got out smh and did mine
I really want to go out to eat but gone take my ass home & cook
My life is a coming of age film pls calm the fuck down universe
Lawd. My home state full of nothing but lost souls. Myself included.
the end HOW!!! & I know, I know
lo so
I hate being on the schedule the day after a party
All I can think about is all the stories of people saying they saw him turn into a reptile
that nap was wonderful
Starving but idk what to eat
Not Buying No Damn Hoover Board Aaliyah Crazy
Ready . But patient.
Them nails
me w my future wife bc imma be a fresca even when pregnant
I never wanna lose this feeling, you see my body need some healing
The way feeling rn
my newest and smallest jeans are now too big
How do I become a brand ambassador for curious because my mom said to find a career I love
just trying to figure out wtf and why?
missing my short hair
Gotta start living my life
I mean I fuck with Brother Nature buttttttt
I want a baby boy too lol
i want a gf (goat friend) so bad
I need to go dancing
But Hunny hear me when I say this, I am so tiredddd
Working overnight tonight.....i think i slept long enough today
I shouldn't have got Dladla mshunqi's album , I'd be studying and in my head kuduma " bamb' ibus leAfro libambe, ngob' imali syay'dinga "
;have you guys ever heard a song and say future significant other needs to dedicate this song to
The spirit around that time too
Enjoyed my weekend now back to the bs
Yet so good
the baddest bitch omfk me naked is some else i swearrr !
That bathroom
supposed to b at the movies right now
weird af
We don't, Re dry Kudu re ngwayegile
sick as hell
I be trying my best not to be petty that counts right?
I have sleep 86% of today. Last night was rough on ya girl.
I comment to that and saw a woozi rper replying me yesterday. But now the quoted tweet is gone
being in the car w yo mans and he does this is literally the best feeling
take yo man and keep mine too... bitchhh fuck uuuuu
I Wait For Her Bday To Be OverWith
full asf & mad because sooo good and I eat no more
The way the cookie crumbles. Dumb af, had one of the leagues best offenses lookn average for most part of that game
If I HAVE to deal with people I swear I like not one soul
at work cold tired and craving rice n teriyaki
already done
BITCH FUCK YOU SEND ME A MESG SO I CAN APPLE PAY YOUR UNEVEN CRUSTY ASS
Also Jay loved this username
I just woke up from the most beautiful 3hr nap man I was sleeping good
Iyana is the funniest
He was such a random/stock character.
full now
Nigga wanna fight cause I stayed out all night .. like first of all I was at the studio with my bitches
Mbn to be this pretty
wow I been sleep all day now starving
Birthday week tho
My allergies are kicking my ass today
Just wanna cuddle that one person
This one shot fight sequence in daredevil season 3 tho
The wrong kind!
Shout out to my sis for that BOMB ass meal I had a good meal in a min
I never met someone that walk around with no case on their iPhone
DO YALL SEE THIS SHIT Do ?!?! Idk Why Attracted To Crazy
OSU lost (big), Browns lost (heartbreaker), Bearcats lost, Bengals will lose, Cavs will lose. The life of an Ohio sports fan
hello mf. I forgot you even came home, you been in here knocked tf my ass was tired
but look how the ref turned into a ballerina..
really cold outside
craving for a romantic music
Giiiiirl , I know the feeling ! At first ian want NO kids . Aubree changed me
Nah dead ass but damn can a bitch sleep?
foto sacada con el pyeee
it's a actual myth isn't it !
Yesssssss imma need it and I call out or they pay me fucking bitches
Omg I need a painkiller
If I going out of town be right there with you such a good show
I'm such a list kind of person
my school skirt is too tight again
Haechan cute baby boy
someone try to convince me not to cut my hair again
Take me back to these tacos
so much more little girl stuff at the store than there is little boy stuff imma annoyed
It hurts whenever I apply pressure on my nose and cheekbones
Dang bae if I out the way I had you
I been fuckin these Dr Peppers up and now they fuckin my back up
I went through hell because my dad is always tripping
Trap was going up that day too
Lmao girl sum1 got a lil pressed at something I said had to say my peace
Bouta turn our third bedroom into a closet, my man got too many shoes
ever use social media just to flex on sebastian
I want some pringles right now
What a weekend
addicted to big light skinned niggas why
I hate that so insecure about my height
Sean lee is such a beast
Oops I meant redskins. been so much disappointment today starting to blend together
Watched this today, I still stan for this show and their love STANNNN gets me
THIS! !
And always 2days before my bday. I have other things to spend $$
They should not have ran them 1st 2 downs tf
niggas who like to come out in crisp white tees & gray sweatpants are sluts
My tooth hurts so bad
OMM I Love To Hard To Be Unappreciated
really get easier for the rest of the season ugly with the exception of like 2 weeks
I need whole day recoveries after a night of drinking
These 6 Day Weeks Catching Up To Me And My Body. I Need A Break
Doll $ANTANA : how I lost my virginity
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
I fucking hate games like this
The way this generation set up i think be single for life
sad that my birthday weekend over already it went by too fast
Cant wait to capture moments like this
Right too cute. going to miss him while in Texas
someone lemme pick you up and go to clearwater bc so nice out
Drinking too many drinks face breaking out
trying to figure out what to wear to the haunted house tonight and already layering because freezing
They about to knock me off my numbers
I need someone like this
i love u
Right! I agree. People loved him one minute, and now they dislike him.
Someone tell me up with this idk going on and I see ppl saying it was like yr old making edgy
I NEED A NEW NUMBER
sad I wanna throw out the girls newborn clothes
Idk wrong with me lately but i eat unless my pants off
I really am living proof that my mama food put you straight to sleep took a good three hour nap
You should ... Mega is up to 1.6 Billion .... I even broke down & bought a few
I just rolled one
Of course when I'm in Calabasas and have been for five days, has been in Michigan. I just wanted
Swear I scroll Twitter around nobody cause the shit on my timeline
m00d (but try to be gentle w yourself n take a break in a gender neutral bathroom or somewhere safe!
Ugh my two favorites!!!!! pick!!!!
craving strawberry cheesecake
sHUT IM JOKING come here and take all the loves you need
really a big baby
get enough inject it into my veins
long distance with everyone in my life
IGSHD LOL i kinda h8 gcs they make my phone freeze
weekend go by fast when you working..
i wanna be around you 25/8
How cute
I need to complete this process recording, but I focus
crazy imagine I went with sheeeeesh lol
cream cheese and italian sausage from pizza shuttle would be so clutch right now
i love the hype im getting for my hair
I want a boy friend and a boyfriend
Same here
I wanna go winter shopping
going to sleep early as hell tonight
Woke queen also then when it happens to them they cry they getting bullied
I hella want to go to work
This is why i take naps. I went to sleep at 2 & just now waking up not gunna be able to sleep tonight
Why am I already tired
Lo que me cuesta sentarme a estudiar wacho!
I need fucking glasses.
The weather changing .. I think why getting so sick lord
Booooo Only gon be Us We have Any Friends
Keske jfou dehors a chercher mon chat
I feel like bout to pop
Welcome To My Life
Lmfao this has happen
Can we just kick it and gain a bond ?
why the weekends be going by so fast but it take forever to get through and
give u my feelings but never my heart
This game is so bad I switched to watch the Cowboys game
I never relax every time i get comfortable Keilan either hungry or thirsty
Di nya man lng sinave sa highlights
I feel so bad for Liam bc of Fallon/Michael i just want him and Fallon to be together
Anybody good in statistics
dreamin bout the day when you wake up and find that what you're looking for has been here the whole time
Wish delivered ice cream in like a cooler thing like you see at a baseball game. I really want a blizzard.
bringing back the banana costume for Halloween this year
I just wanna move where my friends are
Ugh that's so true But you and Jimin are like soulmates girl so gotta try and stay faithful sjsks
Idk why I signed up for overtime all week
I think I want a bff . But I allow bitches to know me like that again
These pics confirm my need to lose some of this gut
I relapsed
Ahhhh
People are wild mehn
What kind of unhappiness will make someone ask this nonsense question
I'm only halfway through reviewing for my midterm
Stressed
How do I watch The Haunting of Hill House, Making A Murderer 2.0, and The Curious Creations of Christine McConnell all at the same time?!
US influencers sent tracking I believe about to reveal my baby to the world. been working on the
i really want to have a Got7 tourdate in Amsterdam even if just for once
what happened to my nice, sweet, cuddly baby?
I neeed fortnite friends !! i hate randoms there asssss
need to buy a halloween costume
NOKAY IS THE NEXT BIG THING, I fEEL IT
Ok .. Well just hit me ! Only thing I have is work & gym
Just tryna get my booty rubbed on
Bigger goals. I have two but I need the peach one
Finally off
Ugh
I just wish I could talk to my dad.
How is it already Sunday?
Bout to go fuck up this neckbone soup tho yes yes lawd
a-ariana grande? omg
the way God been blessing me lately
sum about that boy I get over him and we still together
Beasly out here mossin niggas
omggg he wrote in cursive and i still until this day know how to read or write cursive i sat for 80
Lol girl you are worse than me
my bias is taehyung but been leaning more towards jimin lately
Omg so old
boi make time for ur homies
I hate that I get full so fast but be back hungry in next 30 minutes
My dad the coolest nigga, n my mom a burn out, but something about ya mom
Swear worked drained me today I came home and went straight to sleep
HAAAAA THIS HEADACHE IS GOING TO KILL ME
Oh yumppp, the
Writers block is literally one of the worst things
Am so tiiired
true! taylor caniff with buckwild
Pretty sure I just put too much pepper in my cabbage great
Every time someone shares with me story on IG, I hope that not of me
Summer walker is amazing !! Her voice gives me a certain peace I swear
I wanna get my belly pierced but scared
I have blisters on my hands from playing too much Xbox
I want a burger now
A star ia born soundtrack over here putting me in a shape.
Cause I wanna be full time
And I know my back finna start hurting now
This boy so damn spoiled he looked at my ass like what
I miss being outside every Sunday
Swear work drained me today I came home and went straight to sleep
Half of Canada tour is over, noo only 4 concerts left on my trip. But okay, signed my
I watched Remorse in so long idk going on
How the hell do we lose by one point
The weekend..... reading and annotating multiple journal articles.... and studying for midterms.
why are you right?! Idk if this is real
i just want some good ahh honey gold wings
when chanyeol gave us a spoiler and sang 3 sec of mess up my tempo is stuck in my head
Damn boiling crab really giving us a discount
Cowboys come on
pretty chilly
Gherbo is performing 5 mins away from where I live sure if I concentrate hard enough I can probably hear
Bruh how old are yal?!?!?!!!
my scalp is sooo sore
My sister still cries for me when I drop her off my fucking heart hurtsss
the crazy thing is not afraid to be alone, sometimes i just want to
like the spooky basket, the watch, the roses & the picture collage he made of us, I cried like a bitch
I don't know, my feelings r conflicted
wait
US influencers have received tracking I believe about to reveal my baby to the world. been
i took a good ass nap
Are there any hills involved? lied about yesterday race
This is hot
gained 27 pounds in 6.5 months
This that once I go home I staying there weather
Billy performed at the ceremony
If I had a pussy it would fall out my body right now. so here for this
tired of being tired
heartbreaker
Tay Sqiulla - Just Curious
really my song .
I miss pizza. I mean, I will absolutely eat all the cheese off the pizza but cannot touch the crust
Did all the fine girls on Twitter decide to upload their pictures today.everywhere fine fine pictures
hahahaha do you get it??? funny that in a gym and proud of making progress cos fat hahaha
I love this house so much
There really was no need for this
why is that song already stuck in my head cant you drop the song
Wish he would hurry I feel good.
You ok Jay?
So many jackets I wish I could afford
Missing my best friend even tho I saw them last night
Stephs snap with the banda playing a del vazo got me regretting not going with her last night
I be so bored without my man I literally use to talk to him about any & everything
My pc just died, can't make a video till November since we have to travel far to get it fix.
so ready for miami this christmas
Up 2-0 in a WL match only to be disconnected for the servers for the loss just why just why?
ready to go home
What a sweet idea and all those babies wanting hugs!!!
Her scream . She got moves
love you
Im Broke Broke & Not The Classy Kind
Round ligaments hurt like fuck I been in pain all day
I need a bath
I wish gas was free it be so many times I just wana sip and take a long ass ride
Correct
I love it
Boy the rams are something else. We gon have a huge battle for us next week against them. Wish I coulda got to that game man
hOy QUENITO ANUBA SJSKSJDJSJSKSJ
anatabatina
I am freezing I need someone warm. Ty.
hope it comes quick cause i sure am bored already
Sooo... Just finished binging all 3 seasons of My heart my gay I'm going to watch the
I want this outfit so badly
Why are we WALKING to the line
Oh my god I thought I was the only one appreciating this song.
so damn bored and lonely daughter left me
Either way bro im doing my ting
I had them last year B .. net I had the thin ones , Ke nyaka these thick ones
I thought I was ready. I should have listened
So many movies I have yet to see!!
ready to go home
so cute too! him jaehyun and doyoung have gorgeous voices
Just ate a bowl of potato soup. First frost tonight.
I told him he should name his son after him tf this his first child
Cannot do another OT
Disturbed & cant sleep & ross is fast gone . I have work in 6 hours but feel like somethings going to pull me
...or they sell out!
Proud of you, I was hoping you were still young and at mom and dads cause I live close I am going to
I want some beef tips and rice.
Two more hours
Sky has been fussy allllll day, I hope she not getting sick
And I believe I take advantage of the 2 for offer! Blind moment
Oh I know...which is probs why they hire me
So dont ask me cause imma say yeah
my mans birthday saturday excited
Winter means dry skin season
my penis started bleeding this morning
Talking your language ha.
I know right? Also, an option is My Mad Fat Diary.
I love I need a new location
Somebody meet me at my house with sour gummy worms
still washing clothes & shit
This is so damn true, learned the hard way
istg jiyong and hanbin be really
waking up to your beautiful face and deeper voice against the morning sun is everything
Looking rough need a retwist
wow like i rly wanna start eating healthy
This day 2 years ago I flew over to Manchester to meet &
God must be a Ghanaian
Wait, what?
I'm watching people on the keto diet fad thing + the bland shit they put into the recipes scares me off of trying
Since infertile I need someone to give me a child please. I left and now missing all the babies
nakita ko na naman to after years of watching that movie
wait
wow I was not expecting this you are too nice to me
YOU FEEEEL ME! thank you boo
I just turned on Game of Thrones wishing I had smoked more weed
how are there no red dead redemption 2 leaks at all
I need my eyebrows did
CAN I JUST NOT BE FKN SICK ANYMORE PLEASE?
I feel sorry for Kevin Love, get him out of Cleveland to a championship contender
the point of dating someone to become just like them do you
My mother just brought home.. so much.... food!!!! everybody love me
sdksjds am i the only one that doesn't really see it
be cappin so much on this
i just want that happy glow
so nervous right now my bad knee is throbbing
Today my baby girl is 8 can you please stop growing?! getting old! Happy birthday boo! glad you had a
Really wish I of drank that lucosade. Knew I be able to sleep.
i wanna see the new movie star
Damn, that go well for you
been a while
I am not feeling it today wheww! 5 come fast not slow.
Fseeee man I wait till I get mines and we keep lookin at each other like dis goals
wait!
I really been slacking on my makeup stuff
WHEW CHILE
I can never decide what icon I want up.
This one hurts
I love the way it feels outside
Thanks Connor. BTW, loving the podcasts. Tough break on your most confident bet this week
Lmao please do
yes specially at work omg omg
I loveeeeeeee I can eat them right out of the jar with no problems
FUCCCKKKK both of my babies &
At least I can finally shower with hot water
I threw two in bc I didn't have a green pepper.
had my shower and ate now im sleepy
i have an 12 hour flight on thursday
crazy still not off work
If you let me play it bc you be hoggin fortnite and let me play
So stressed out and anxious... I feel like going to throw up.
can you stopppp baby sis
I hope I like this new pre-workout
So upset missing game night with my family & my little sister birthday get together at
I want a TD break their backs
That needs to stand. Definitely a catch not enough evidence to overturn
Can relate
Yeah and? What about it? You gon fight me ?
Worked both jobs today mf tireddd but still going to see my baby .
please kill me i have way too many notifications
nem army women be bad aab when they out of uniform
I seriously have a spending problem
Them voodoo fans in Nola play! Saints win but sure because of the voodoo our city has
Why tf you coming to this game looking like this
I can't w Charlie's
Tatto sweet asab
A pound cake sounds so good right now
I wanna hear a and Tokyo collab
baby so beautiful
Me Too Cuz
Trying so hard not to go to sleep
Hey try to warm up socks in the microwaveI now have burnt marks on mine
Honestly getting so stressed already aw nae Bad gal
My daughter been acting up
Really need to see Halloween.
I gotta admit, wearing white last night was risky af.
i need this shade
Oan this zaxbys good af
*signs up for life alert and AARP*
Matt sweetie just bc some people think the World is flat doesn't mean it is true
so ready for this new Normani x Calvin Harris I love her voice
pretty sure everybody done said some outta pocket shit on here back in the day. I know I did. not proud
Thank you
I feel like you could have worded this differently
I wait to cuddle with her omg
so tired
I freaking know right
okay i miss shoni lil ass fr
Yo the wind really blew the that for us god said not today ravens my house house hold lookin sick as fuck right now
You just ruined my league
omg someone explain this to me, not a medical student
not speak this energy
Drowning ur face in Aloe Vera after finally removing the 14 layers of stage make up
Im so sick of to ppl like why nobody can ever make it past the talkin stage
I have this cough with mucus
This whole thread just showed us how uneducated she is
HEART 2 HEART
This is the cutest shit ever seen
Last thing I need is to be is on a diet at a Mexican restaurant sooo let's see how this goes
NIGGAS be hating on they own mans EMBARRASSING
My family just left and already home sick. help
The struggle
My flex classes start tomorrow and I really wanna be waking up early every morning
3 seconds left omg
I love the smell of a/c
work sat just to have off
Found me some good ass hairrr
It could have been better
I wit man
we want a album with all your freestyles on it
OH WOW IT REALLY DOES i never even thought of that omg i love day6
Why ash playing this music
ready to hoop right about now
I need to get one ASAP on ym wishlist
Oof
I wish happy was premiering in December again
Being a Cowboy fan is stressful af
I want sum chocolate cake
Bruh an inspiration
Lmao pissed. I just seen the video of him spitting too 3 game suspension and BI with 4 right
i believe drake brought out yg & post Malone one bomb ass night
Yeah and then it sends u straight to the bathroom
Ugh still so mad I spilled my kathew broth on my phone
that movie is too good to be disrespected like that. watch it in theaters sis
slept for too long, need to be packing my bag
Jesus take the wheel
Me calling my stylist after I found my bundles
He scared calm down boo!
Romo is a better OC than Linehan.
Omg the disrespect somebody better teach them to cross dem feet and superman that hoeeeee
Wonderful weekend
I cannot believe tomorrow it is back to work
This might be my new favourite
not even being cocky, so hard to appreciate your natural state but embracing it hunnnnnnieeeeee
damn so many ppl eating soul food today. & my ass over here having spaghetti
Really amazing balanced out weekend, but back to work
Today has me exhausted
Nothing makes me cringe harder than watching people apply foundation with their hands/fingers.
yesss only two more days of working 12-9
what do you look for in people like what is your type if u look like farkle or henry danger
Some colors here and there, a little disappointed this year to be honest.
i need some carmex
should be asleep but stop thinking about tomorrow... nervous
This scene makes me fall in love with him every time I watch it
Listen the egg on a burger just turns it up a notch with sweet potato fries the
I need to get one ASAP on my wishlist
Now hold up. Abigail is a ghost, right? How she die again? What am I missing?
Why do I do this to myself?
I just woke up from the best damn nap
The things I'd do for a margarita
I see my girls this week I can see this week being one of the works weeks of the year but it may turn itself around if he gets better
Spending money all weekend.... screaming my bank balance
Come on cowboys
OMG I want a gold bangle watch
I know I googled it last time I was in Vegas
I be asking niggas to love
My cousin is having a girl I really hope they name her Kim
Strawberry banana I want blueberry so bad
Lawwd i really hate driving a Benz. have the time or money to keep up with this maintenance
really wanna go home
I said I doing anything but everyone keeps tempting me with voodoo
The client I had today was amazing He picked me up, gave me amazing head for 15 minutes, and then dropped me
my face hurtss, i even continue with meal prepping rn
Because so many bad things happened including bad tudung
Guess imma finish my essay
I spend hella money on exam weeks lmao. I be so lazy to go back to my apartment and cook
too cold to go grocery shopping that walk back to the room be too cold.
The struggle of having one working hand
WHY CANT I EVER JUST WIN ONE GIVEAWAY. GOD HATES ME.
Can't wait for my boyfriend to be home from work I miss him sm!
That was a success! Whew Chile tired
Woke up from a nap starvin feeeeeed me
I just got the worst headache & this work meeting gonna make it better
No sitting down shifting to low slide onto bed still somehow thinking about pie
Finally someone got it
I told Samone to get some dick for me too
oops forgot that i have seminar today better practice my speech for the whole class laters yall wish me luck
So they determined that Rondo DID spit. Das nasty. I woulda thrown hands too
I have no words for Ingram
this is the ultimate love song i swear
Ugh my little baby just catch a break..
OMG I LIVED FOR THEM I was so happy we got them!! Lei really deserves her
Different breed
bro said I work too much
was supposed to cook dinner but fell asleep
Good morning, headache
See what I mean
Hopefully she can by Christmas these outfits cute lol
adorable
you know I have a problem
Maher hit the post
just tying to see before the year ends
Already got henny
I hate the 101
My heart
a old head now
Reason I hate she convinced me to run another mini marathon
My tuition reimbursement better go through cause I have to pay that shit in two weeks
monday is not a good day still sleepy
My dick is nicer than yours icb
What a fucking loser
why is it so damn hot right now
They cheated the cowboys
I wanna talk to my dad right now
I miss you so much more
I wait to have a God child
Gone head tag yo bitch so I can add ha
Fuuuuuuuck it was right there
I love being at my mom house these kids are horrible and spoiled but my babies
AYEEEEE WTF LETS GOOOOOOOOO im sorry for popping shit & calling bums. but yea, my bums
You have to be kidding me man
Nahhh not one of those done with those cuz.
sooo cold outside omg
i already brought my boots out
My hot water got cold quick
Me for the last week. And still sitting out there lordt
sorry for the spam i'm so bored
Ugh I miss my girl
I still wake up
12 days before we definitely gotta get him something
KIM JONGDAE IS A PERFECT HUMAN BEING UGH IM SOFT FOR HIM LOOK A HIS SOFT BROWN HAIR
I even set my alarm to attempt to make those 9 am lecture anymore
My nerves are shot
wait!
I want both
Perfect why not just uploaded their pictures and my nipples is fucking out
not the type to sleep naked but I just have to tonight
Think I loved you before I knew you
ugh. burned-out
Somebody bless me w them homecoming tickets
So close and yet so far away ughhhhhhhhh
Need someone to stay up and watch hocus pocus with me
I think ma niece got me sick
Bruh
Let me be in color guard again
sorry babe
How is it already Halloween in 10 days??? It feels like it was October 3rd like a week ago
Wait! going to Bali!?
I want some fried Oreos
aww yeah its crazy.
i need to get out the house
Yikes that FG
She just obsessed with qwony & he want her poor lil tink tink
You sick right now
my first day of exam huhuhu wish me luck
Fucking cowboys man !!!!!!!
Imagine being that stunning
Getting so big
Can osrs mobile be out already so boring sitting here at work on Sundays waiting around to start work
I am starting to think somebody dumbass daughter either swallowed my soulmate or had an abortion . Thanks now never be happy
Education is exhausting
waves and a beard: the perfect combination
Saints really make your nerves bad I think no other team in the NFL make they fans nerves bad like the Saints
Having papers to grade that put off until Sunday night is just as awful as homework.
Facebook had me dead yesterday and
oooh my id die but what i like about listening to groups always one with a unique
Ion even eat rice like that but seafood rice gets a pass
Fuck
So fucking close
Ima learn to make some cheesesteak egg rolls
The poor dog is like bitch wtf is goin on
seriously going to fall asleep at work rn
I be so hungry it's sad
straight facts
Coming home after work to a cold empty bed
Ffs ... I'm actually angry n beyond upset
Okay but why are you so stunning sis
i laughed too hard at this omgggg I feel bad for all the people at my school who speak Spanish
I almost slipped up too but I caught my balance
about to start flying to miami cause that drive me some serious
So happy to finally be laying in my bed after that long shift. I have been in so much pain all day . Thank god I open tomorrow
we want to live
More stew bro
so mean that my d**k is small and sharp..
My daily routine
Cowboys lost
About to bust a mission to black list before work
I am TOO emotional over this worried little face when she gives Ada a gift because she
HATE Sunday nights
want to but i feel tension
2018 who still wants drama be worried about your BO than someone relationship
I was supposed to start on this wig earlier but my dumbass just hadda smoke ah blunt
Ny girls do the most so ill
I worked weeks on this in my graphic design class wait to pull up to the funktion with it DONT PAY
What are we going to do with this team
Feb/March not coming fast enough ready to goooo
Can someone explain to me why barstools are so expensive?
Damn it Tom
Lol how did OSU and the cowboys lose this weekend
I hate that i blackout when i drink
Idc I will forever rt this video
Ready for that someone to come in my life that I can trust
But.... the response I got
Demo ass crazy
I miss my brother
Yet, the douche still gets chosen over us. Damn...
I love that song
that hurt
I just be wanting to pull up
find it anywhere
Whyyyyyyyyy?! a Cowboy for ever no matter what but W T F
UGH, blame Maher too much though been showing up
Wow my 10 year reunion will be in 3 years wth I wonder what everyone looks like
How could you end it like that I need to know what happens. Next Sunday is to far away
be 23 in 3 months I still believe it yo
Ugh. was overkill in the 90s and not bringing it back.
I really gotta stop watching Cowboys games
Why would you drink a kitten....stop this madness
I work til 11 but down to go
Dear
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FIND US AN OFFENSIVE MINED COACH FOR THE 2nd HALF! MY GOD!!!
Good win tho
I just be trying to love on her!!!!
Trae is cooking
yeah he really the same after the injury, but still
watching lifetime while everyone else watching football
i was told to aim for wind ifrit but i summoned theomars i love veromos and theo though.
Me too but Mardi Gras was really good
I believe how much of a pick me I was.
I want some ice cream
Just wanna say you're missed wish I could hear that uglass laugh you had again dude happy birthday
been at work since 12 and I swear the only thing thought about is the L about to face when I clock out
Watching Mean Girls with the missus, she falls asleep and if being honest, I proper enjoy it
Look fire
Okay but the transition from smart water to deep by summer walker makes me sickkk
He almost had it
Snap infraction blew it ...
quincy really is something special oh my lord
2 years and half please come faster
Ready to go home
WHERES THE YOUTUBE VIDEO
I can definitely relate . It always feels like the first time on FaceTime for some weird reason.
all i know was i got so fucked up n lost my tutu
Ok sis. I want a man too
I was just thinking about you
This that hate pumping gas and warming my weather
they shoulda made another cheaper by the dozen movie
I just wanna see something
Something I thought never see from my kicker
so ready to go shopping for these Christmas presents
What should i be for halloween ? I have a halloween party Saturday to attend
Cowboys lost? I'm watching Coraline
not ready for that crap.
Wish I have school even want to be home, boring as shit.
Okay cool I thought Cuban was just rappin when she was talking all that smack
I swear someone did on that ball! It was going in!
LMAO hype me temp
I just need her to sleep thru the night tonight cause last night was horrible
So what was u saying about my skins
i still want quickway
All depends what time drunk
fr!! I want an answer
our signature hair style when we need our hair done!
You should feel honored Lorena, she tweeted you. I even get a reply.
All my summer clothes have been put away
el gane
In need of some lemon pepper wings
Damn Ashanti only sold 24 tickets lol she officially a Instagram model
Why do everyone around are excited about big tiddies I felt like a pedo now Thanks guys!
Not rn Dallas lost to some bums
Girl watch them crab mukbangs
Fodes
i love being home but like i need my own place
Ommmgggg noooo flying with them on Wednesday
I am already tired for tomorrow
Bruh............ something gotta give with my football team
I know what you mean by this asshole
man i really have no idea what gonna wear at the next baile im going to
Boyz with fun is perfect
going out of town Tuesday
i be forgetting that im so young & still have time i just want so much for myself because i know how much potential i have.
When you gotta wear a dress tonight..
my suggestion, cut it into a style. mad you shoulda just got a silk press
Note to self
Avoid for connecting flights at all costs
. Saaammee idk how im making it
Just never enough time to get everything done..
The game suppose to finish like that
uh oh: trouble in jarauder paradise! jachi has a cockroach kink!
Them niggaz ass
Cause be full time mothers & fathers be part time so it jst work
Why do i overthink every situation
Me too
Guyyyy I'm sorry naww if it was iMessage I would've answered faster
on, Amba got to omfg
Every time I get paid and my check get fatter...it makes me want to work more to make that mf even more fat
I get no good pictures yesterday honestly
YOU BETTER GLOW GIRL to the song on bio Repost glowgirlll_ with get_repost
Check out my YouTube
I wait to go home & crash
how in the heck did some of have kids in college without being married college is soooo hard, I even imagine...
What been hearing my whole life
Man I Am Too
going to have be anti-social in the evenings, sadly. Unless I magically became ultra-efficient these next two weeks.
I just saw this on Instagram Story. the only one of these guys I met at a convention.
I know right?! Ugh!!
they hear you though
messaging me this is what i get for leaving everybody on read the past 5 years
dion just showed me this, he went crazy
yeah i also cried like a btch watching that vid. it squeezed ur heart
I get up and get wine because I have two sleeping dogs laying on me! Send help
My hair needs to be done
Holy fuck are u hot ? Coz I definitely misjudged how hot it was gona be and wore long pants and a long sleeve shirt. Kill me
TYPONYA BODOR BANGET. 181019.
Forever getting strange tummyaches on days I have reliefing. Wish I was in bed still!
I feel so bad for my friends/family always getting a new number sorry if u guys have a million gabys in ur phones
Love this set
Damn !!! not a fan and that missed field goal hurt me
I ordered all these new clothes, ready to dress up & go somewhere
Wtf is wrong w me
Hahahahahaha snap infraction on the play that keeps the game alive
Gosh I look dead
I do not wanna go to work tomorrow honestly
I verify your hairline or age to know if this is hate or wisdom.
I just watched Tammy video about 10 times ..
I really want some Waffle House or Chick Fil A
bro I wanna get fucked up with for my bday like we did last night
Ready to get back to San Deigo I turned up in Mexico to much this weekend
Miss my baby
I literally needed one more day
Aww I might get me a mini one to put in my dorm
skinny dudes with long dicks are my weakness
I wish i woulda taken some cute pics today.
The beginning of Trance is so dangerous have me moving mad in public
This take is already a frozen one
Loooooool just got home and looked in the mirror. This isn't how I left the house. I look sweat out
Wanna watch that new Halloween movie so bad
YOU BETTER GLOW GIRL to the song on bio Repost with
Check out my
Listeennn. I should have cozied up to the soccer peepsmirw at Emory
you looking fine
we made it tho , hby?
believe it was LP that did us in
No but for real I have tried everything to get my blood sugar up and its not workin
Lowkey hoping my friends cancel our plans tonight so I can stay in
Just made me want some tuna with a bunch of onions
I know and gain that muscle!!
so hungry /: have food and would like to drop it off please
Before I get sick all over him the dirty innocent
Need to get back to the gym tbh but almost fat and sassy season soooooo
You need one with an OT emoji
From hand to mouth I want this
thanks queen and you have deleted
Collab of the century wbk
Struggling to sleep because I don't know what to do with my hair next
10
This shit made me shed a few ..I miss my moms
I would eat some of kfc macaroni salad and a bucket of chicken
Throwback this Saturday of last year my glow was serious
finally lmao
My car is good but now it needs new tires, tune up and oil change... I hate adult life
The NFC East is just . The Eagles lost. We right there behind them and the Giants goes without saying.
Im
Just look it, who fall in love with you?
My 2018 gains!!!
wsh suivre teeqzy c impossible ses buildfights y font mal au JE 1VS1 UN QUI M'INSULTE via
YOU BETTER GLOW GIRL to the song on bio Repost with
Check out my
I want a baby
shit just makes me so fuckin sick
When everyone agrees with me how I know not trippin
You choose the worst ones to fuck with though. Hope this time different and a classy king
The suggestion for Apostle....thank you.
I just want a raw ass frontal
I'd post mine but I'm a pure and innocent child
I dyed my hair for breast cancer awareness and it turned out to be a whole ass look.
Im just gonna become a rams fan
Literally
yessir , I need me one
As much as I wanna wash my hands and be done, I
craving seafood
Well about to go to bed I gotta get up early just to be out the house at 9 ugh
I just wanna hold you all night long, whenever around you wrong
Weird that not going to be any Super anymore
Acting up .... scope crazy as hell Fly
i had the best thing in the world
I gotta put my feelings on safety
When you starting to want to be around him all the time
HexDrake, sorry for the old acc died
A thread full of a musical mess on the guests behalf. People are so irritating.
Ohh no he cutting up
I wish they style his hair up
Hour 12
so so genuinely happy for the first time in so long & it feels so good
I hate I missed church
I had Baileys in my coffee and I think that was a mistake because falling asleep
my coworkers invited me to another of there parties today and tbh i think i drink anymore
Yoooo I thought
Why is time moving so slow
decided today my god son needs a cousin tryna go half on a baby
mfs really be sleep though
Black Friday needs to come sooner I want a ps4
i jus want nba to notice me
Damn it cowboys
Noooooo
Shut up lol
This weekend has exhausted me
Okay but can you please tell me where you got your spider web tights at
Weak I wonder who I was talking about
God you're soo beautiful thank you !!
this still help me choose either purple or yellow
Man rub it in we coming for bell tho since need him
I think getting sick
I get that Sunday night and out for your Sunday drive, but imma need you to move. I just wanna be home
Lord knows I need a new car
Vegas is not the place for you to go if you like walking
suddenly i love coconut water
really kidding when you said junior year was gonna be hard
I have any pics from HC only videos
Contemplating getting my teeth done I found a dentist & everything
lorddd I forgot you was a cowbitch fan
Where did you find the gravy?? been dying for this
Long long day today.. Clinic during the day then Paeds sim lab till 9pm
Cold weather for me, I felt like I was dying today.
my favorite gif now thank you for that gem
Blank Friday needs to come sooner I need a PS4 already
i need more money
That's all month for me ih
Don't need to prepare. It's a way of life
i need to hit my seafood spot asap. craaaving af
Man I miss this Disney
I wanna redo my room all cute
The one day I was actually in the mood for its Sunday so I get it
The one day I was gonna ask for your Snapchat and you called in is it a sign from god to not fuck with you or what?
I am totally spooked.
B the best
This heading our way looks like a real bitch
Plus I thought you already had felabration plans
Uhn uhn sis i need the REAL TING
How do people manage to look cute in glasses?! Quit rude
tired and my day not over
I cant wait til the Kevin Hart show
missing you a whole lot
We had that game one
I so want roommates. If I had enough coins, I would get a 1ba apt
do anything for you!!! You mean a lot to me!
I turned up the sound waiting for violins ...
Yesss I was sad all day
Where you get your nipple rings ? Your bar long and i need some like that
estos tiempos
I really want some pasta or tacos
Craving cookie dough ice cream
Why they? And apparently you feel in love last time too
holy shit fredo. bout time
Need my soul snatched shit irritating
Getting somewhere with my closet every time working on one room, i jump to another room in the middle of
in due time. My time is coming
Dear WHY DID YOU HAVE TO PICK WHITE HELMETS AGAINST UGA?!
worry. I was a rams fan when they were winning 2 games a season in St. Louis
You like basketball?
I Hate it , Ugly & it Stains
Why am I still tired as shit
YAHHH. Hair up is sexier. After all these years, kenapa stylists still takleh figure out which hairstyle works best?
The old Skool platforms really platform lol the sole is just a little thick wish they were a little higher
I want
can somebody buy me another charger
Best man holiday make me cry every time
I get my room back at 4am , lmfao I toooo happy
I need these too
I been craving spaghetti for a week now
When Thanksgiving this year in Florida but you go
Just gotta make it through four days of work till I see my boo and my sisters
seriouslyyyy
I just want some soul food
craving some hot wings
I love being snuggled up on the couch in sweats and my blanket
I hate having to share karter but I know important for his dads family to spend time with him
Damn lashes gone off
What I Need!
I want to go to the concert thinking about buying me a ticket at the gate
I left my charger downstairs in my car
Need 0.56 cents please
o m g i didn't even know i was part of a cult
Man who selling cars only been 3 days and sick ion know how mfkas go years wit not havin no car
it is OCTOBER
Somebody Play IMessage Games W/ Me
omg!!!!! Fucking yessssssssssss!!!!! New idea for me and bae!
Bitch. Being A Redskins Fan Is STRESSFUL
I hate holidays cause & my moms bday & you know I have to go all out
mad cold
his new song is out too
Me too
BITCH LMFAOOOOO WHERES THE LIE DOE
I want see widows bad it looks like it will be really good
Why tf do I spend so much money. been a full week and I already spent the money I just deposited
how bout that nap today tho
I love being cuddled up on the couch in sweats with my blanket
I need to go grocery shopping cause I
Smh I should right
stress about my future everyday
just not a nice place
my mom stay blessing it every time i go home
From memory I think health insurance only covered about $1,500 of it. We were out of pocket the majority of the cost
I talked to Maurice since Thursday I hope everything okay.
mother nature really killing me
Seriously I Miss
I been bullied online in so long bitch bored people scared gonna get reported now
To this very day I hate the sound of the clock...it always signals the end of the weekend for me.
grocery list....
1. Protein
2. Veggies
3. Water
4. Fruit
5. Snacks going to ruin my diet with at 12am
Dammnit Cowboys so closeeeee
made this one time and I cried. It was so damn good
12 straight hours of uni work today.. why am I still awake
why am I craving Kingston
Dan Bailey, I miss you. Come back!
How should I prepare? Douche or shit lmao sorry but i wanna do it right
tired of being in work clothes
I need a mini vacay
forget the air forces then be on social media saying
on the last episode of The Haunting of Hill House
idk why i be letting my health get me down , i been fighting this thing for so long ik i can do it
LORD
Please cancel me for this
this senior-junior love omg i cannot
Everytime I watch this I Tear Up i know exactly how feeling that shit hurts
My grandma makes the best dulce de leche
My nephew has to be the cutest thing ever!
Im craving mango habanero wings from bdubs like crazy i even remember the last time had them
I agree. I had the catfish combo recently and it was trash.
Who da hell doin dat
We had our game won
I need me a child. in no position to actually have one but I want one
I miss looking cute everyday i only have time to dress up twice a week
Me either. My bed held me hostage.
I really wanna go to the classic
back
Hopefully I can sleep in tomorrow
neeeeed ice cream or something feel like complete shit
afraid to shoot my shot, but I got a crush on
sure it goes without saying but Sarah Jessica Parker in Hocus Pocus is FFFFFIIIINNNEEEE
Bloveslife a fucking tease I wannna taste her sauceeeee
imma be so drunk homecoming week
I want some Olive Garden
These kids wore me out to do it all over again tomorrow
that would honestly be so dope!
You can leave the name calling back in 2014 shrimps
Lmao, forever mood. I ammm the picture, the frame, the flash alldat
wait to go home
Just sliiiiide Alex Rookies make that mistake, not 13-year vets! He better buy the D a nice dinner!
RISKY!!!!! I'm drunk DM'ing She deleted her whatsapp
im the only single person who get snapped on like im in a relationship
Fuck on the last episode
def freestyling over this beat!
I had soda in foreverrrrrr but craving Pepsi so bad Rn
I really want some Hot Wings from
Perfect for cuddles
Lol these fake woke dumbasses with verified accounts
FOREVER MAD at Bangtan for not including my queen on the set list. such a HYPE song
on hour 12 of this 17hr shift. Must be nice
bc going to get freaky up in salt lake
Why you look so damn good all the time
at this point, gonna have one.
We are so bad who are we losing to next week? I even wanna look!
i had so much fun this weekend, i needed it
But they hear you tho
I gonna miss Arsenal match tmrow
I get a raise in three weeks , so happy
She left this man with 200,000 in debt! I would be mad too. Greys is gonna be the death of me fr
Shoot shot done with my baby daddy fr this time
SO HARD being a cowboys fan
Cheese and whiskers...
so sexy
I miss all the moments
hoping you remember
Better then I ever will...
Reallllllyyyy hope this week is smoother than last week. Whew the stress
good morning tl got an exam today so jj and i will be gone till evening lol if anyone posts probably hacktd
idk what color uggs to get decisions decisions
omg I totally forgot I changed my user anyway if u have any questions abt them rly being mine, I can dm a pic with my current
Work
Shiii boy that light n the orange shirt
The advice i needed to hear
We gave up 21 points in the FOURTH QUARTER?!
Jennifer Lopez is so fuckin pretty
he's a work of art.
why do sundays go by so fast
wtf homie SKELETONS sooo hard you and boosie did that
My first alumni homecoming felt weird asf but yet so
I miss being this faded
I always brag about tea everywhere I go
nah what
I just want my feet rubbed
the hunchback of notre dame
fr fr we would be in whole ass states without our moms knowing.
now we only leave the house on special
At least you got see him I have never seen him at all
I have so much work to do tonight and I gotta wake up early af
Ugh We Both Got Something On Our Faces
Cornbread
I need to plan a road trip soon
Finally home
Ur actually a young lady ....My heart cant take it !!!!!!! Lol
I hate it when that happens cause khona into evele ikujhalise ungalindele
I love when I wake up to Demond kissing or holding my stomach . Cutest thing ever
Finally watching riverdale season 3
I need to go to the store & get a few grocery's and my sons milk, but i'm being sooooo lazy
Shooter is a good show and Ryan Phillippe is still sexy af omg it makes me mad
Same here.. Kaso the trabaho is over flowing urgh
The video I just seen.......smhhhhhhhh
This man just tried to race me in my dads jag and got swept bye
At least you got to see him I seen him at all
enough na ba yung less than 3 hours of sleep ko
fed up honestly
this dude needs to learn how to drive already
And have the kittens to snuggle with I suppose want to use Benadryl either then lol
My baby gonna wake up & turn the game on and hand me the controller to turn Moana on for him
Man im real mad
I hate that sooo ticklish.
I'm really hurt right now... But I can't even lie this is Tooo funny!
This dream I just had got me scared
All the time
Honestly Nicki has some of the best verses
ugh sports king
guess go see Halloween
I Want a Son So Bad
Tomorrow was very stressful and hectic
I miss all my daddies Rt if I can dm you whenever I want
Trying to sit at a dinner table without putting your elbows on it is really hard
i be getting on my own nerves
all my friends boo'd up its my turn
finally cleaned out my car
a blunt after work is the best thing
Ur not wrong bro... mood for the rest of the season bc it seem to be getting better
pls bear with me, be back sooon!!
i been feeling well
Cashapp below if you wanna make me feel a
Mondays
I love you too forever
Why is this man so fine
Why is she so soft
I should have come to this hotel with my own pillow, per usual I decided to trust and now I the next two weeks,
Headache.
There was only 5mins left in my movie and a playback popped up and now it let me watch the ending
Let me hurry up
Yoooo, I just wanna be in bed
I'm so full right now.
that dream was wayyyyyyyyyy too real.. Lord what are you trying to tell me?
Tbh i tend to fall for the voice
i'm going to receive my mock exam result today (and i have another one next week ) and i probably will cry so
Game in the bag until...
fuck I liked when I had no followers everybody think they for u but they real life hate u
Told my brother I wasnt going to bed yet cause I was gonna edit some pics.. do any of that so lemme just put my ass to bed I guess
yess sis , it was so hard to decide
I was in Miami last night I wish I knew
been on and off sleeping all day, my body just can not wake up
I be feeling bad for cowboy fans lol
My bf is a Saints fan... I didn't even speak for 15 mins omg I'm so annoyed
I want frosted animal cookies but that taste like Oreos ..
I feel so loved right now
That too! thnx bae
Ppl really be forgetting that their nothing like hold on lemme remind you real quick
I have no clue, but I want to be scared again while scrolling
So many people have gotten new puppies recently, and it makes me so jealous because I want one so bad
Honestly everyone I like ends up looking like someone I know before I moved to VA, idk what it means???
not complaining
I just want peace of mind and contentment in life!!!
be surprised by the type of girls I attract.
Never drinking again since when does it take me a full day to recover? Did I go to hard...or am I getting old?
I want some cake and icecreammmm!!
What am i gonna eat !!???
I sure miss this
I really need to go see my lash tech been a while .
Kinda really want to see Albert Hammond Jr live. If I see the strokes at least I can see one of them
my mom saw this tweet and was like that the artist the documentary u made us watch the other day was about
I wanna make that cinnamon roll peach cobbler but I got peaches
Finna head to Kaiser to see if they can get my pressure back down. Why does my team have to do this to me on a good Sunday?!
need money
I need new & definitely new robes,the silk ones i had for the summer time isnt going to cut it for this cold weather
What about Sid?
FUCKKKK i should of waited this shit is
My head is pounding
Kinda shit I wanna do for my
Wale in gave me lotus flower vibes
can a brand hire me as an in-house artist now I would dieeeee
I dread Sunday nights just because I know I have to wake up and go to work in the morning
Know coming barbados for a holiday & end up dead.
you have got to be kidding me!!!
Me to me everyday
Why are you coming for me with these Elio posts?
Don't drag it out, wish him well and let him go! Okay Granny better tell her and me!
I swear I thought you did
Them 15 mins be long enough
Jay get on my lasttt nerve but the best uncle full set , pedicure , and lashes DONE
My bestie mom done made us a whole home cooked meal Cabbage, mac & cheese, rice, pork chops & she bout to fry some chicken too
I want a man
Noah is all the way in Virginia but he still sent me flowers for our anniversary.
I love a person that can hold good conversation
I hope my husband me eat some pussy
When are they going to announce Penn State kick time?!
Miss you and ready for you to come back already
Got an idea what I want the boys to be for Halloween
My God I told Angels are full of melanin
Literally flawless
Need to start having fun again. not that old
I need to stop buying black shirts I look like I wear the same shirt every week
Damnit Cowboys Guess this is what Vol fans feel like. Hoping for the best but the outcome always sucks
craving Chipotle
it something bout you, i just explain the feeling
Queen what,
My apartment smells so good I wait to eat
some people are actually getting rid of it???? they can just giveaway to other fans that want it
100% agreed omg bts pls make my dream come true i would.. die.....
Every time Legends by come onnn i scream it the WHOLE song, i aint eva feel sum like this
When the story just adding up
I have time my problem, have to go before or after work your schedule like?
As long as nobody holds his hand I'm afraid he'll never cease to be the magnetic genius that he is. We're done for.
When you see this tweet and then see you still followed
I want that mozzy shirt sooo bad
oh yu lit
My little sister saw me crying last night so she keeps bringing me food to try to make me feel better so cute I love her sm
DI NA BALENG WALANG LABLAYP BASTA MAY SPOTIFY PREMIUM
i miss my wife so much
From there ada bas ke
I can't open my notification, what should I do?
Man forget this HOPELESS People,NO VISION NO AIM.I mean DOG THEM
The chipmunks simon Theodore and Alvin
I need to be more productive of But then again I love my lazy day
Throwback music will forever be my favorite
actually fucking crying, one of the best things ever seen
OH NO I LOST MY BIRTHDAY THREAD
literally you
So many song ideas that I can't wait to do tbh
Ugh I hate feeling like thissss
I wait to see all the little babies in their Halloween costumes
how df ima top last Halloween
Tasha home so now gonna be forced to eat this whole pan of brownies by myself
why does xingie like that gorilla move
Dang ok Carrie with the throwback
love when he does this
Right na
ate shrimp for the first time in YEARSSSS yesterday and now craving it
Hot&Honey flat wings would be bomb right about now
meu ent sei
When you can already taste how broke you will be next week.
Tired of Ryan & his toy reviews i deserve to watch tv too
Good thing I brought zaureniaz back
Idk the full story (not that it matters) but this is wild
nobody i appreciate more than my grandparents
I literally been loggin into this job wrong for two weeks now I hope it mess up my check this week I need
pls ask me stuff
Abrines damn we need you hurt bro
The Haunting of Hill House is sooo good
right .. i miss you
what the fuck happened to me? what is this sickness
Almost finished with the season of Deadly Women
Yeah, that's true, but it was literally over 5 years ago Hopefully you get to see him one day, bb
love that a lot
The spa was everything today
It not gonna lie shoulda picked me some up and popped on over with em
Just cause you be calm people swear not like
i just threw up lookin at those swishers this would be lit w woods doe
i have to say i related mostly to Mozelle in , the spiritual consultant aunt with a cursed love life
having two weddings, my traditional & white wedding just like mumsi & they both will be toooo lit
sO sick, right now
i honestly wish i could go back to last night & do it all over again
sweatsuit season , the shit I like
Please tell me what happened in the 4th
Never try the Ghost pepper peanuts from 7 eleven, they are now hurting my stomach
my show
I can't believe Daniel Caesar finally blessed us with new music
about ready to move the fuck off this island now
I am starving. Idk what I wanna eat tho
Feeling so sick
I see what your doing for others lord .... patience is key
I just spend $85
Ready to go home to see the family
I know man I got baby fever so bad, but I know that a baby is not what I need right now so , ima wait !
where did you get your red ivy park jumper from?? looked online but find it
Man this world is so shitty and so are majority of the people in it.
watch when brett pulls up he gonna be playing Dangerous . his shit
Cheese burger for breakfast pls
I need this
My computers has been acting up for the past couple of days and so scared. Someone buy me a new lamp too
This 12 hr shift is killing me but need this money
my heartttttt
Hot Tea, A Bubble Bath, And A Tummy Rub Would Be Nice
Italian food & wine tonight much needed
Accepte tes torts.
Kids birthday next week
my heart is so heavy
I want Fred Hammond to re-release By with better produced backing vocals. Those songs are too good for that foolishness!
Why tf am I short I missed so many chances yesterday cuz everyone was huge and nobody saw me
the worst part about working saturdays is that missed EVERY ALABAMA GAME THIS SEASON
I even watch them YouTube couples but I must say Queen Naija man outdid himself on her birthday video it was so cute
At the end of the day sister got ate w a dash of bbq on the side bc it surely mine
I been doing hair since I woke up
lmaooo fr we were always up to some shit we have been doing
be
They're planning jounen kweyol menu for fam day at my house in the group chat and of course I'm in my feelings
wow, traffic for breakfast
Ily! Thank you
okay but like when is it my turn
fml I can't stop rewatching vlogs
9 days to spare then back to hospital life.
When sad so you listen to sad music to make you sadder
I pledge allegiance to the grind to wake up early as heck to make what's mine
Lol I made exactly what my child wanted. Minus the broccoli ( she hates it ) she had corn lol
The mosquitoes at work got me
Just wanna lay down and talk to one person
I'm finna cry I just want some KFC
Why am I so sleepy
I need food!
so not ready for this appt tomorrow... scared as ever
Ashley GIRLLLL
man what
some tostilocos sound sooo goooooood rn
I feel so drained
That sleepover wore me out
Now I want sushi
this face
Breh, what is life. Papi and mami together is all I want
Listening to Eurobeat & drifting your car for 0.02 seconds out of a intersection is what I live for
so beat like literally wore tf outtttt ..
i want ALL that
We should be undefeated
Come on 10:30
2 weeks until i see my baby again when both got busy schedules <<>>
When your study break is to do the laundry and dishes
hungry. Who cooking?
Lowkey I miss those days.
But with eyes shut, you thinking of
I used to be flexible when I was younger , grew up and got lazy
Who wants to bring me a choco taco?? Ugh I hate living in a place without bodegas
Me too but that snap violation got us
Tucker ass ready cry in the post game interview
Week 1 2 and 5 should have been wins
so impatient for everything I swear
The city wants production vehicles to to fit in there.
My Pussy Super Wet Right Now
Someone help, should I double major in Spanish or just minor in it?
that was super CUTE
also thanks for crediting me
been awhile since I drank rye whiskey but they were out of the vodka I usually drink.
stop sleeping on every new song killing it
Yo Carlton handsome ass nice af
Been in a trash ass mood all day
I need to finish taking Ava hair down & wash it, but I even have the energy!
Omg been craving some. I was just telling lamar about them today
About To Lay It Down Tho .. Gotta Be At Work At 3
I need tea so bad rn
not ready.
I Damn Straight Want Some Nuggets I Made Some Bangin Ass Crispy Ones Earlier
I always want to get Starbucks before work, but that line is outrageous alllll day.
Sabar this is too funny im laughing so much and at this point i've lost it ahahahhahaha pool noodle
Kymier got some big teeth coming in on the bottom
I need to stop leaving all my homework assignments for last minute
Ashley GIRLLLLLL
this is so us on after we deep clean.
Next week is soo eventful. Idk if can do it
I wish. Lol
I should probably get back to that some time, though.
When I get my hair done lord ima feel like I a new person so ready to cut this sew in out my head man
Me, sobbing over fine motherfuckin ass?? more likely than you think
Love to do laundry but hate to wait on machine i just wan go in and do what i have to & watch magic happen
THE COWBOYS ARE STILL VERY GOOD TO ME
\
_/ \_
This girl wanna be me so bad
I am so sick of being sick let me tell ya ....
RIGHT! The shop sucked me right in
Yes I want mines back
In The Park With My
bored I hate online shopping
i just want my son to know trying
im just happy to be home relaxing
This cough I got going on is about to put me in the grave
my friends are something else
I need someone to come and watch with me.
Today has been so peaceful just cuddled up with my babies
Gonna see Russ by myself
Why is it on ?? Guess I have to unblock them for one night
nothing worse than missing a math class n going back the next day LOST AF
I feel you so much moved so many times hard I hope you can adjust well to your new place
No the author?
who tryna go half?
Take me back
be worth it in the end
Time moving slow to me
tryna get this snake tat asap
Tryna finish this movie so I can start "haunted" on Netflix
dawg my counterparts understand me
Ugh missed it by a ... pole
I need to find my headphones
Man one day.
its so hard to stop smoking!!
I need this set again !!!
need this rain ummmkay
I want a smoothie bowl
The entirety of my tl from FB to IG is tony romo annoying ass & Rondo
lmaoooooo twins
I appreciate it so muchhh! Thank you thank you! And trying to get like you stop it
Yes my man opens my door faithfully
why is this so relatable
what is nicki up to
I got 3 years for my masters .. but ur deff motivationnnn!
I absolutely hate being stressed out about finances
This is banter
af. And u keep dubbing me I thought I treated you
did your thing last night brudda
my heart
I love Enrique Iglesias accent in Spanish
I need to find some good lashes I think ima just order a bunch of them
feel like coming down with a cold
I even did the unthinkable, sorry for what I did to you
cous i'm really just waking up bcs i almost fell out the bed
my daddy wanted to go eat and I even home
I fuck a nigga not feeling cus I love having sex when I got my feelings involve shit be extra juicy for
Burberry button ups are so damn tacky
be surprised ppl if I turn into a yoongi site one day because that man makes me feel some type of way
Brown eyed
Well at least allowed to shit in the streets and somebody will clean it up for them. Oh, but they have straws....
Show us your dick already
a whole Sunday vibe!
actually so blessed everything I want i get
I wishhhhhhhh
My best friend gave me some wine and started spilling tea
A BELIEVER WAS ALSO SO ICONIC TO WATCH
Me rn after this cowboys loss dan bailey wya????
Man how many OT games have the Browns played in this season
still sad about Jordan like omg. He was one of my favorite people I would never forget
They are sooo damn passionate about it and got mad time on their hands
Yesssss it is
i feel this so hard
Ask yo granny to get me one lol I need
you right!
Panic at the Pray for the Wicked tour will be in SD in Feb, SOMEONE PLEASE GO WITH ME
Craving chocolate ice cream and I even like chocolate ice cream
Can anyone at want to answer the phone? I was to inquire about a lost iPhone x
You're killing me with this cuteness overload! Making me feel broody, too old to have anymore kids
Gorgeous bubba
Imagine dropping a quarter and tryna pick it up with these nails idk how she do it
I just got cold out of no where
Littest wedding ever been to, I loved every second of it
I wish they would. Hopefully be blindsided as well.
Another trip Due I need to start planning this year I go nowhere
Guh no we nigga is hard
I hate that I have no idea how to style my own hair so any cute cut I get will end up with me still looking like a mess.
so ready to JT to get outta jail!!!
i wish i could just go on tour with and and just take pictures / record their performances
I want some of my lasagna
Took a 6hr nap woke up hungry as a mf .
Shorty got some pretty ass teeth
should i get in a car with someone ive known for a day
dude.. same... nothing will ever surpass limitless tbh she was truly ahead of her time
Brother nature is shaking
I really need to figure out my prom colors
Same
listen i mean any shit just ppl who are open about their names online but whose i can never remember
Wow I thought I was bad
I still believe the brewers lost
bitch u drinking ?????! jealous af i will be soon
who picked it out a chef but not a chefs kiss
PLEEEEEASE!!! Im begging someone all my mans have cheated on me but yet get so heated when I show my b size
Seriously though
Always room for more e-girls
I just fake flirted and said I was for *** and now she wants know my whereabouts, lmao I mean it ok
monday blues
the actual love of my life
I know cause getting tired of this
Those eyes
Body on fleet
Bloop I wish I remembered which cup thank u
not lyin
I'm hungry right now
Happy monday too
Today has been a day Hoping this week goes better
I miss owning somthing with 2 wheels
Being a Cowboys fan is hard
lemme go study for this test for class tomorrow. really been slacking lately.
Having a terrible headache
if i dont get tatted this week .. imma be pissed
I want my ps4 back
But too bad single and talk to nobody
That 5 yard penalty killed them... he would have made that field goal
Why am I this many years old?
That I constantly watched over and over!!!!!! I thought I was ready and wasn't!
Why is everyone so mean to stitch? All he wants is to change so he can fit in and have a family
LMAOO why this bitch know always on Twitter & stay forgetting to check my texts
I feel the sickness coming through, damnnn
What should Omari and I be for Halloween
I been rockin to this .... how I found out my booty move, you talkin bout make it go round and round
Got a lot on my mind fight now
you both abandoned me and I am HURT
Bitchhhhhh get me started WATER
I miss all of my Tahlequah friends
Just tired brody It was a long weekend. lol
no fr i have so much love to give
Bae phone just keep ringing I should answer while he at work
Worried about my boy Josh Malone! Damn!
Ikr, you're welcome and thank you His voice is too beautiful for his supporters to not hear his solo songs live
finally finna be overrr so happy
sad bc went to the corner store for a bottle of Dr. Pepper & its flat
i got on my furry coat and my boots . this anemic gonna make it this winter
I have too be up early as hell for school
gonna lose it if the red team wins
Everything changed at the the millennium
I watched Coco for the first time today & I cried
be so loud
Guys actually be able to hug and thank my idols tomorrow and that has y sunk in
this >>>
my fav color, but trying to talk myself out of copping
Love is crazy asf I be feeling crazy somex, but hate being called crazy by someone I love
I really sleep
Tryna to give my self
please start adding Houston back to your tour!! Or add New Orleans
I gonna do what I do last time
I miss these days
Exactly
The bump was cute today. I cannot wait to get the pictures is the best we had so much fun.
wanna talk shit but lookin like THIS???? no baby no
And there goes the season, just like that
Whenever I see this I'm so
Jungkook you're stunninggg
Said I needed to take a shot and end up taking 5 !
1st child was a maybe a week or two Which was horrible , considering my FIRST child was 8lbs Second child
I need a job
I wanna be a red head
Was actually in a food coma from that roast and cake I had to have a nap, now I sleep and I have to get up early for work tomorrow
I ate way too much food.
Omg I forgot that one!!!! HOW DID WE let this happen!? This is NOT my borderless country.
okay
you have to make an appointment fui una vez yo one time I was taking ropa to y la me dijo
You really do always have the best ideas though
I wait to get my new bed son
Yep, everything changed at the millennium
Long Vacation Needed
gone lie i need some dick it been too long .
I want some sancocho
The craving I have for chocolate right now is so bad
Ah man I always forget to optimize loops on Twitter since the site is kinda ass at repeating loops in gifs
Clemson is really viral right now because of that party. I hope the ones that got hurt last night are ok.
Story of my life
wish Disney channel would play Halloween movies like old times
old Disney >>>>>> new Disney
I wish to buckle beneath these thighs
Need to stop sleeping when I get in from work, cause now wide awake and iv got a 9am
Still listened to new music clearly wasting time listen in the morning
Jesus take the wheel because your breath taking skies always distracting my eyes off the road !
Finished me need more.
I need to work out ASAP!!! My stomach is getting out of control
Where he at
My baby meeting his favorite at Disney world
looking at my phone like is today really Sunday
Man I breatheeeeeee
No all about The Haunting of Hill House
Clown fucking city like what did I pull up to
I def need this rn
8 hours tonight ready to relax
one of them sleepless nights
Seeing my family in Disneyland makes me wanna go so bad
wow in love
My back. I really need a massage man
one of them sleepless nights
Feels GREAT to be off work
I just want him to kiss her by surprise we been punished enough
Why I retweet this???!
BITCCCCCCHHHH IONT STEAL I KILL
As fuck
I thought about booking a room all to myself for a few nights
I wait to get back to Texas I miss ace soooo much
It may be Annalise for all we know
My hair is getting so long I wanna cut it so bad
tryna reach a mil by time 30 speak it into existence
I think so I hope it continue like this tho. I was crying last night
Why do I feel like making the wrong decision
pretty sure my liver hates me
Ahhhhh!! Limot ko na storyyy
idk wtf going on but i been wanting a gf
This is so heartbreaking somebody adopt Ginger look how cute she is
This is fuckin disgusting females have no chill
my friends hated me and my ponytail this entire weekend I swung it everywhere
On god never be the same
a fine ass mans at this car meet wish me luck
me when derek shepard, mark sloan, george died in anatomy
I was dying when she sent it to me
Hey pm me or hmu on insta I have literally been trying to talk for over a year
Debating if I wanna turn my heater on !
omw back home and so stuffed that I took my bra off and alllll
Its one of their best shows so I think so but you never know and I certainly hope not!
miguel x teach me
When will we finally see more...?
I even reached my office and I wait to end this day and go to class this evening. I hate working life
Salty we was suppose to fuck Trism up tanight
exited to see my mom this weekend have seen her in 6 months
so I canceled my diaper shower this weekend.. now I wanna have one my mama bout to b pissed
I just want a funnel cake and fried Oreos
tbhhhhhh ! seen enough of the states i wanna go out of the country !
I want leather couches in a cool color
the chicken on a stick i had >>
how I feel I been drunk for 5 days straight I need a cleanse
Honestly
Something about waves makes me wanna sin and tell confessional the next day
I need a JOB
I deserve my mans just amazing
I would pass out
Got my eyes all watery & what not with these Christmas love stories
WOW. Two years ago, one this very day... the 22nd.. Railey and I started talking And next month we turn 3 yrs
I miss my hair
home alone
my kicker!
Soooo it's been like less than 24 hours and it still hasn't been delivered ....
Good fucking byeee lol you literally make no sense and are proving my point that niggas be shit sometimes
Law & Order SVU is so good
Fucking TASTE!!! What!!! Literally my top 2
Oh nah, I ate toast with jelly everyday for weeks one year
Who writes u all the poems and stuff, i want sum too dawg idek shits cute tho ily anon
a man that values a working woman
I want some ice and starch so bad
My weekend was lit then had to turn right around and work a full shift today.. lol literally left Norfolk extra early to make it to work
I miss him
mono is releasing tomorrow but I won't have time to properly take it in and do art because I have a 1k research essay due as;lkdjfeif
Shut up. always loved lady gaga even when I was a kid when eveyone said crazy wuz always by her side supporting her
My eyes are so much bigger than my stomach I never eat all of my food
My grandpa is so upset the cowboys lost
What happened with brother nature
My anxiety is thru the roof.
My granny used to go to the Farmers Market and get these for us every weekend
my bf & i wrote letters to each everyday
gonna have to come back to this
on ep 7 or 8
Girl i seen this bullshit we gotta pray for her i love her porn
dreams
I hate that app and it's people
Girrrrl I vex Netflix only got one season
PMS really no joke shit have you wanting to cry and fight at the same time
Man they did Ashanti dirty!
i don't think i can find the right one do u have a link to it by chance ?
ready to go home and get in the bed
Happy Founders Day
Just One Step Closer I Can See The Finish Line
May 11, 2019
another of my boys gone to soon R.i.P Sanchez tell Velt I said hey n I miss him down here
so dope man, so unexpected and appreciate I been telling everybody about this
Stafa coworker wanted me to get drunk so she ubered me to they job so i have to drink and drive
Something told me u were from my city
I just be getting sad out of nowhere sometimes
My heart
Thank you, needed this!
The struggle before DVR
Made tacos for dinner and I really want some of bomb ass homemade salsa right now
I know your mama cooked bring me some food
fighting it
Nooo gotta be cap
told my papa be attending my sister wedding in louisiana in march and he almost cried finally getting my family back
think that would hurt that much
I hate not living near my sisters
beyond grateful to make it out this stupid ass accident. ima be tight if this pain go away.
screaming ffs
Why does all my friends live over 30 mins away from me
Get you a best friend that watches your daughter for you just so you can study I love my best friend so
I need some , been awhile
wheres the lie in this
Pregnancy is hard
i need more shoes
hella myself obsessed with wind breakers omg but i highkey need to make ipon
Porter boys can't catch a break
waiting for them Yeezys coming out in November
For some reason, I haven't been eating hope I'm good
I was home for a few days now gone again SHEESH!!! See during the holidays
Oh COLD, COLD outside
Can you believe this cutie is the mother of all demons?
My eyes I guess I should be thankful not sneezing by heart.
i wait to be 21 so all the answer to life unlock
me tooooo girl college is kicking my butt
At Fright Fest jus ate the Hardest brisket nachos
Chile we on Fall already? You age in dog years in Greek life! old af.
ready for my wing stop
The struggle is real :((( and I hate it
so gorgeous ..
I need a new phone
Wanna go to the cabins for a weekend
I hope it stay this cold
ill tell you what though you do a good job over text
this give me a better grip to throw my ass back all crazy.
why it have to be a crop top though
I tried so hard not to laugh
tired of fw dese lame niggas baby i jus need a thug .
I am learning more and more about myself daily! becoming a better woman for me
No one understands how much i love you and im so lucky to have you
The amount of people muted on whatsapp
I Keep my A/C On 55
It feel good to be free again
Damn I really never been a smoker
I do the same thing
gonna hit new life after this bubble bath + face mask combo I love taking care of myself
I have anyone I can sit on FT with and annoy
Today Im Not Even Day My Mood Just Changed From Earlier It Just Messed Up My Whole Day
HMU IM SINGLE
Ready for my three days off
Te en Twitter
rod reiss titan is so fucking ugly he's my fav titan
loving my life at the moment
I did not want this to end. She is adorable!
Why you gotta come for his religion bby
approaching my 1 year loc-aversary ... trying to decide if I wanna kee going or cut them.
so we stealin playbys now
Because embarrassed of me
i barley be eating
Yesss thank you for supporting me in this goal I have
scared for the moment jonas starts walking because already always on a 10!
Irene is my ultimate but like I fucking love Seulgi Joy and Yeri to death
I picked them in my suicide pool this week doomed
mad that I understood what this said without a second thought u fucking Generation & these got damn
: my stomach hurt, i just want my gf to rub it
I still have a pair of Bred
update: i get to see him in 3 days
We need our Cole fix too long until the next one
Please send me the link
omg we gotta be extra careful people are creeps!!!
Me Forgiving & Forgetting Is A Blessing & A Curse
Someone come pack for me
Come on thanksgiving break
Jontay Porter, Michael Porter Jr.
That family is so talented... wish they could stay healthy They deserve better.
Oshey Barney Stinson
really not looking forward to getting my wisdom teeth out in the morning
Asking myself this repeatedly serious fomo
My beauty is teww much
Phone's dying
Damn Hampton stopped the bonfire because of wind but hesitate to stop classes during a hurricane
Concert ready
Jacquees got straight baby making music
I dont have a subscription for a paid music app :/ guess we gonna use that old broke laptop to stream
I know I suck
a kind of girl who needs a plan ahead of time or it throws me all the way off lol. be better
Need them cleats shawty
Christ Cats Cowboys
so cuteee I like her and the other pickle lady
these 4 weeks need to fly by, I miss my family
I miss you
I been wanting to shop for a baby & I just found out my bro having one. Its lit
Idk if I want my son to grow his hair out like I did or do I want him to have 360s wait to have a son
I saw yixing. jsjsjjs so fucking exciting. they all look so good. Chanyeol and Baekhyun are so hot
lol crazy when somebody know something wrong wit you
It was the most ridiculous reveal ever. I was so disappointed
The internet is mad childish
Fuck my phone dying
he have to be problematic omfg he so fine
Which one was the hardest?
Silent treatment
baby is sleeping so good rn & its so cute
Peoplejusy understand how much I would rather get paid hourly
done now and Idk if I want to go to the movies or binge watch and drink wine until I go back to sleep DECISIONS
This literally happened to me today
Lawdddd these folks really out here talking like they know MY life ? What is wrong with ppl ?
No, no it it makes her who she is and I love it. The hating you doing making you unattractive
Dennyray did to was in heaven
Yo creo
My wisdom tooth is deciding to make an appearance & fuck my life up
Omg she needs to go back to that hairstyle
Look for my significant other to touch his tip on mine
I Need A Pfp & A Banner
Idk probs asthma i cant breathe
Pill Beat Us Feel good knowing u got somebody on yo side like this She know every
is basically with ghosts
I Been Ugly Too Long .. Time To Get Cute Again
been watching The Flash all day. Hopefully I can get to S2 Ep 19 by the end of the night. but I need to catch up on SVU too so idk.
school tm imma struggle getting up
I cried literally
This happened not even an hr after I left my visit I left too early
I hate dramatic makeup
They just shut my account
You ever hid something so good, you forgot where you put it?
wait to get home to sit in nothing but hot water
i wait to get cuffed so we can have get away weekends
had pho in a min
I ate too much
This girl just made a whole IG post about getting on her windows and the worse part mother
we all
I felt this tho
My little boy turns 2 on Wednesday
I already took my lunch buuuut I get out at 8, are you gonna be
gonna be gone if I buy it
Bedtime is really going well now that Addie learned how to stand up in her crib
so ready to get my hair done
Bitch sis told me getting pregnant with twins in 2020 if this come true fighting ace just from saying that
love & hate the weather
I really want some fried chicken but I feel like getting up to make it
Finally were done moving
My bed feel so fuckin bomb rn.
FUCK, I MADE A TYPO
I needed you it wasn't the same!
might have to get some old schools
Ready to lay next to my baby
Well my doc in Houston will be a bit far go go after Jan.
Santiago is wifey af
I know can you report them please they are cayfishing people one guy bought a ring
Wish arlauna stayed in town
Lol I literally been there in years I hate it so much
Than wear the Pats gear.
talk about how the sun be hitting my skin
i miss you both so much. we all need to get together when i get home. please
i hang with a bunch of bitches.. i can barely be with 3 of em
Wowwww, those are awesome!!!!
miss you more girl !
Coisa mais preciosa o Ryan conhecendo o Martin Luther King
I need a new Netflix show
Appreciate you boo
Sell you ticket and just go one day uhhhhhh
Soooo i was Asked do I have the same bd! by someone daughter has 2bds but her kids are like 11months
So close to having my peace of mind back
i have apple music and find them anywhere
Them braids made my hair grow so much
Whew Chile it started last night I was too lit
Karlous a real ass nigga
Literally, u deserve this
we need home field advantage for playoffs fasho
Hell yea. Crazy ass
think will be happy seeing this...
in a major drout , i need a shorty so i can eat her every time i get bored
I was seriously lacking in candy and only had 40 pinaps couple that with trying and failing at a
Them braids made my hair grow so much
First day back to work and they missed me I felt so loved when I walked in the house earlier but now ready to go home
Where beasty
So Freaken cute !!!!
Kaskade
Tchami x malaa
W&W
Seven lions
Most of these were no brainers
ang traffic!
Ugh so much stress
My daddy just called and said he missed us lol we seen him since my granny funeral man
Worldstar used to be it back then...what happened
girlfriend me pls I miss eating pussy
been without lashes for TWO weeks because he likes me I do this anymore
wow, milo & i have the same weird obsession with touching earlobes. meant to be !!
I hate that hairstyle
I need to take my mind off this. Wya
Damn I just left from there
Trying so hard to be a morning person
So glad my face is starting to clear up a bit
can we take a nap instead? Taurus are the biggest foodies & full.
She might see another side of me
Cowboys... you keep breaking my heart week after week, after week. still but damn hurting
I have been reading, typing, and watching YouTube videos all day and I still know half this shit
Took a nap veeeery late in the day and now up as fuck.
no i need my nebulizer but I don't have it here
I wanna be in benny's place just to be close to you
Ready for bed early
hate death
Totally I teach kids around that age group and they do not say or believe in stuff like that
I wish I was at
again, I'm so early
weak! so Deshauns aunt calls weed chicken, she said ooh chile I need some chicken I said you
I thought I was gone die during that wreck no lie
Soo I seen this person I use to talk to last night and they looked sooooooo fuckin good
i wish
We are about 4 weeks away from the 3rd trimester and ready for this to fly by! having their babes and still cookin
Seeing a man cry really does something to me. It makes me so sad. Like I got you baby boy. Who hurt you
Fireflies are sooo pretty
breaking out from stress
if my dog dies while giving birth i will never be ok again bye
my granny made me some greens and dressing to bring back im heaven rn
Couples vacay 2019! Can not wait!
Me and baby should have went to gates concert
i wait to move out i wait to force my friends to meet me at home goods on Sundays lol
speechless-ciara
Heard you want a nigga gon please you
MAE
Can stop tweeting that picture
I wish one of my gfs would come drink with me.
I'm OD tired right now
what a bitch gotta do to get sum ass
Wow. really brick af outside. appalled
Gee please
the smell of clean laundry >
someone play me in imessage games
been asleep all day what is wrong with me
these next 3 weeks are about to be insane
How can my baby catch a fever the night before she start her new school
I miss the early
Thanks babes. It was really bad for a good minute being pregnant and keeping up
I really need this in wig form cus I know I gone sit there and get it done
Wow right
This gonna be me & my daughter
I have been looking for this for forever thank you
I hate I got this idc attitude man after I lost my bro ion be caring bout nun nomo and I know wrong
Cleaned my room and now I remember where I put my nook UGH
I wanna go to the strip club
My God baby almost a year old omgggggg slow down
In the end Saturday was too busy and I didn't have a chance to talk to my boss ><
I will try to do it today
Sour Cream and Onions Chips? Okay or nah? Cause Vegan now, please let me know
I was just about to make jokes about old cars breaking down and not working in the winter. Just for my breaks to go out on me tonight
Man I miss that smile
I wait to quit
Shet babe complete na ako day
bout to be glued to my bed once i get out the shower so tired
i want a daughter
time I sit in the chair and get my hair done
about to eat good
Ffs it's bad enough as it is
No, absolutely nothing like The Bachelor.
I need this...
i love me & my bestfriend bond trade her for anything in the world man literally cry if i lose her ! my other half
ok so my boo was off today and he managed to show up at target to see me UGHHHH a keeper
Se eles viessem pra facilitaria Come to Brazil we wait anymore
That was the longest drive of my life
Urgh I feel so sick
now just ready to get off and go home!! 14 hrs down, 1 more to go.
No makeup and no weave but I look 12 without them
of course, I planned on going to bed early
Love sitting by myself when my friend at school
So beautiful
They are still better than the Raiders if that means much
Turnt up to bad last night paying for it at work on this 13 hour shift glad time to go
They Fuckinf CB Up
I do not want to go grocery shopping
Hi I fell asleep at 7pm & now wide awake
Watching Medea Halloween Boo 2.
One of my fave songs
I just got back yesterday
This whole brother nature situation has me thinking about my old tweets that are gonna resurface when I become famous
I wish I aint have to go back to school in the morning
That phone call just made my night
Finally off
twice in one week so grateful for her
I fucked up my back at Pizza Hut
Bro behind me looks so good , and so shy
when you get back though..
feet hurt so bad
omg what an honor i love ur work
Yes lol
Friendships with android users must be boring
Ice cream would be perfect. I need to buy some like now
Gotta see that movie
literally always hungry
I think becoming lactose
too cute
i wonder if shoma has gifted one to the other people seen wearing colantotte ie. koshiro, alina etc.
sjdjsjddjfjf my head hurts thinking of the 14 year old me is he online? maybe we can hear him out first? xhsjsjdjfjdsjdjd
Just passed the jaguar dealership ugh
swear ? I need that
I dont have it bcs i dont use it anymore I'm going to the doctor anyway bitch i want food thoufh
Sis they help me so much
"Myself" is already my favorite song and the album isn't even out yet
Walking around every corner and pass every water cooler convo
yes wait
sumn like that
and so pretty he would have liked
You said the same thing on my selfies...I don't feel special anymore
Yeah wild
So ready for thanksgiving
watching hill house before bed was the worst idea ever had
I won court conquer and i get shit for it. help me
Crying cause not at the BearTooth concert right now
I wonder what like would be like without you n Clare I love both ( u not gonna see this )
the movie July 22 is terrifying
Nooooooo!
He is stressed by being continually nominated and struggling in that environment. Whilst
Uggh!! my astrology knowledge is more out of wack than my birth control schedule must be that damn blood moon.
Hopefully we bounce back
It feel right at 26!
Can I just get my dick sucked. Please.
with arms wide open
/ || \_
_/ \_
under the sunlight
\
|| \_
_/ \_
I felt this
really wanted to take my baby sis to the movies
Omg where do you get your nose rings from
mid-term week and stressed.
Only if pussy tasted like pink starburst
I really wish I were you right now. Enjoy your sleep!
I get over those big beautiful brown eyes
I be tired, tired
Awww The Cutest Name Too Congrats Faith
I hella missed it than
Got through 9 hours of work 3 more left to go
I wanna go to Texas but gone wait until next year .
Doing what I want > doing what I have to
I need a legit week dedicated to just sleeping
dead ass bout to be 23 in 2019 . Damn i was just turn 19 time flew
last is even worse shit a dub
Where is
Yessss had this in mad long lol
You will babe! Speak it into existence
Really hurt that tomorrow is Monday
And those whiskers bruh
Damn even the all red headband is cool Mahomes is gonna make me give the all my money
I want another tattoo
lmao i like the intro to Trap Baby , his kid so cute
Ken Kratz makes me feel ill Steven Avery could be guilty but he would still make my skin crawl
Some crab meat would be fire right now
I know this bitch Hennessy spoil Halloween on her IG story
I am sooo over migraines coming at me in the middle of the day The sooner this stuff with my insurance is cleared up the better
Yessssss i think u should!! Also i just wanna be friends
Being cuddled up last night was one of the best feelings I've had in a while
Yes true , they add the hastag even while voting period
My cousin is on his way to Dominica tonight and here cold and miserable
I think he'll never follow me too.
Lord knows thankful for my mom
When the beat switches on sicko mode
Dude so awesome I get any shinies but my man got a few!
The nerve
Everybody eating good while sipping off Gatorade hoping it come up
Me after we see that it was that got hit by the bus because of some rude bitch
I know the feeling
I literally wait to get my sew in been soooo long
I just wanna sleep but my mind is racinggggg
You know bored when I watch all my snaps
// i think i was tired
U hit me either but I miss you heffa
My LITTLE sister said her & her bf are a ok?
I should get a beer to put in my crabs
gonna make me so sad when Asher gets teeth. I just want to keep his gummy smile forever.
I always wake up before my boyfriend
Could all be so simple
If this cute then I know what is
When you have pizza in the oven but a sleeping kitty on your lap
Next artist I really wanna go see is the weeknd
I really can not wait to get eyelash extensions again
i love this
I have no idea but people are really acting like it is so like
know wat my lil family eating tonight
Mood!!!
I want some thick in my warm
Why do they suck?
Wish would open my DMs On IG Could really use his adviceee
BESIDES IORI BUYING RIKU A KEYCHAIN & RIKU TAKING IORI ON A SHOPPING TRIP TO BUY HIS OWN BIRTHDAY PRESENT IDK WHAT THEY'VE GIFTED E/O
Guess I asked for too much
Please stalker leave me alone been 3 years just trynna get my bag right & love life with lil
Not me..No dates close enough to southern Indiana this run
All
I Gotta Bald Spot In The Back Of My Head
Still believe this happened
When & come to town for a free show to encourage voting and you just find out about it
I hope not
I does get excited when ppl tell me I lose weight
Hoss ah was shitting
flying to see my baby at 8
I hate that I got an uninteresting conflict that I do not fully understand for my policy brief, not excited to write this
I hate being high and having no sleep, so out of it
It hurts because true. So good tho!
i wanna go to the movies
Imagine if I could play instruments as well I play men IMAGINE
She gone DIE! liquor and bacteria gonna manifest
Hungover and horny is a bad combination to be
it is. the headache that follows
When homegirl got arrested and I was like can I start bailing her out nowww? tell me that Bitch
so dog rn this shit make no sense
I worked 11-5 today and tell me why I am still at work at 8 doing hw
Especially when you real fine in the pics/videos.
Fair next week am not even going
I was literally ready to sleep 2 hrs ago
After a long eat I still got homework to do
I swear if I could pack all my stuff up & leave the state tomorrow I would
I want Chinese food
Anyone got good Netflix shows or movie recs
YOOO LMFAO Go like my last 5 posts then comment DONE to be noticed 60secclub champ TBA tonight on story
I want something sweet but idk what
Maaan it's only 8! Today has been THE longest day of my life
Omg so sweet and so deserving for you. Happy anniversary
Just woke up still dying
wait for the semester to be over
i got zero ideas on how to start this reed vlog
I need my brothers confidence when I record
Put him down
She so god damn fine.
nah sis called being sexually frustrated
Let this journey of going to the gym begin tomorrow i got to stay consistent!!
Thank god our troops were fighting so hard!
worn out and tired
where they at with the food man.
The weekend goes by so quickly
I want some ribs , some macaroni & baked beans
It was an exaggeration but I def have less hair than like
You got a right to be selfish , for all of them nights you was helpless
Las personas que hacen eso...
Talking like I have an audience
You fuckin right, NEVER
I need to find my moon boots
I really hope my sister has a boy , we have enough girls
I just wanna rave about how after four years still madly in love with my best friend and I want it any other way
I love going out with my family
Please
I had so much wine this weekend
..i totally agree
Youngjae is so cute and he even giggled in that voice I can't help but to keep replaying it
Summer hurry up
I wanna laugh, but a 49ers fan...
That nap I took today is gonna bite my ass off tonight
I miss Dan Bailey
I had Fatte Alberts pizza in a while
too many events to go to.
He just came back from injury.
get into rhythm soon.
Apparently a comedian on the low and kooky
Good luck girl.. by far the worst thing ever had to deal with.
sooo beautiful
Oh it felt like 50
After a long day I still got homework to do
I ate this oat bar and now I want a carton
Dominican men are really different. They are so verbally affectionate that I literally take it
so beautiful
I really b n this corner store like I work here
I have yet to do any cute fall stuff and actually really sad
so ready to go
Well obviously, it was more of a rhetorical question. Nonstick just makes cooking easier including the clean up
seeing chuu on tl is like a miracle now.
Just got the cutest boots for only $18 at closet
chili outside
I literally dropped a whole cup of water this clumsy shit came out of nowhere
Why you never come to where I staaaaaaay at
i reeeeeally feel like are SLEEP on yachty mannnn back to back fire
I love dancing to Kelly Rowland songs so beautiful so she motivates me to do what makes me happy
Omgg ima miss Laplace so much
Woke up this morning & skin was already broken back out Oh Homecoming.
it is so hard for me to eat a meal without hot sauce
They told me they were sending me home
Trey Songz - We Make Yo this song brings back memories
been sneezing and sniffling all day
I miss my fishing partner (my bf)
I want snacks & the one person that could give me them I ask.
Right, I love Thugger on a spiritual level
Its all mad
I even flick of the wrist
I knocked over three tables when it hit the goal post!!
the pain I feel when my cysts enlarge is not a pain I wish on anybody
shook just thinking about it
Crying bc not there
I want blue hair
Shit not rich enough yet to just fly out and help.
Hair finished now boutta shower & go to bed
U need help Rachii
My manager gave me my birthday off as a present
that last one, it
gonna have to catch a
I wanna get all dolled up & sip
Swear as soon as i get this lawsuit money buying me some new breast
Lmao sure. I'm in your dm.
CANT WAIT
Why is the little one outside getting a bath? No hose with cold water
angel never fails to tell me how beautiful i look pregnant even on my days when i feel like i just look fat, he hypes me up
i have another week and a half til i get paid, and broke broke
A Few More Weeks Getting Mines
I want some more spaghetti
deleted over 4,000 pics in my phone. 2,000 left.
Crying bc work & not there
Stop it
I need Selena to release Feel Me so we can have the actual version instead of listening to these shit versions.
I hate having a sore throat .. rather have a runny nose
Ashley that gun snatch move would mess around and get you shot
i can't watch send me nia screenshots ls
Sugar Caneeee, i them shits
can you please come back
I rolled the window down accidentally
I even
I Take hot showers they Make me feel good especially when my Back be hurting me
Dude 7 PM and I still feel like shit I do this anymore!!
Ugh yesss and worse is that my mom is throwing a Halloween party like supposed to be dressed up
I hate you, social anxiety
Willy said it looks like I have clear skin without his glasses I hate him
I swear some of yall be BIG trippin ..Like bro dont let any DUMB shit phase u like that!!!
Ugh your support
Temporary na naman
dying for tomorrow to watch the new season of the family hustle
baby once i get my place imma stay wearing yall stuff around it
I meaannnn she is an icon
Sexton may just be our replacement Irving. No defense at all!!
I seriously wait to get my own place coming soon finally
This weekend has been hell exhausting aggravating and more
The business of selling hope is so lucrative but so wild
so you keep getting cheated on so you went all the way to Jamaica of all places for a man
Pretty sure is napping
Finally cooked a full meal
women can be so irrational gah damn i had to say it
I'm patiently waiting for it to fall in place
Rams won and dodgers are going to the ship
either too tired to read or just have enough time to read
Water taste so peng when thirsty af
Do I buy blops4 for the ps4 or pc? I been debating but I got people on both ends
So ready for bed but if I go to sleep now be up all night
I wait to fuck a real bitch I can hear her threating to leave now
craving BAD
Meanwhile this natural process is stressing me tf out. I got ninja hair 4real 4real
I would do anything for a pizza from jets
wearing some boots tomorrow idc
Ahhhh a new season of trainwrecks
Chief Faneto is responsible for the destruction of so many floors
8-5 fenna kill me this week
Me right now
bout to get cold in here
really be bringing back the time Awsten me
somebody do my stats homework for me
Had to leave my best friends wedding early. my anniversary and even get to spend it with my husband.
Can someone please explain what doing wrong
Wish dis boy leave me alone
This stage In my pregnancy Is so Uncomfortable
greys anatomy
not ready to end the weekend just yet
I am eating my first meal of the day because I was sloppy and slept in until noon. My day so thrown
my babies
worse is when you want to call someone when you lit but know you anymore
going out on a Sunday night. hope I regret this in the AM
i just scratched tf out of myself ... like i scratched off a chunk of my skin i need to cut my nails
extra difficult when your parents believe that you actually have alot of schoolwork piling up on you
I would have to get sick when I have a 12 page paper due tomorrow
Let me borrow her I promise ima bring her little bit back tho
Nah this that I hate you never fw you again sex...
YO WTF THE 26TH BOUT TO BE LIT TF UPPPP
a blessing and a curse
Why it be Thursday already?
We do that anyway
low key ready to go back to work i need my money
i need some head like this
Holy cow Lalo and I will have a year married in January
i couldnt have done it without you guys and without my art
I need the long weekend already
One son looks like Toya and the other like Eugene so cute
Can somebody call me tryna get outta something. Not ft regular call
so heartbroken in this world trynna find love
this just made me have baby fever
Another dr came in there thank god said Khylie heart rate keeps dropping were gonna do a emergency c section
really wanna quit my job rn solely because sleepy & cold idk how gonna make it the next 3 hours
Oaklynn we are so ready for you to be here
If this isn't the cutest thing idk what is Bradley has my heart
become who hurt you
I got dressed up for Costco
my heart is dropping soooooo nervous
Literally nothing
I need to learn to manage my money better i literally deal with my emotions by shopping lmao fml
Need to do my laundry just sooooooo lazy
These mangos are life
Such a great song
I feel sick af I been in bed all day.
Earlier this year I was actually considering going to this talk about regrets
Lol ima just get a plain mirror tho bc the one I want cost a arm n a leg
bless us
Ok but why she so gorgeous?
Can I at least get a hi since I have the friendships tried everything I just want to be your friend
I know
Thanks! just scared of taking so many courses at once
I need a good Sunday dinner tired of eating out
I will never blame Tucker even if it was on his play
It was the wind
or my thoughts chase me cos believe me, they just come
Got freaked out about 2 hours ago and I still canna sleep for thinking I hear stuff why am i like iss
And tootsie rolls was a 5 cent
what even is a kitty girl? i call my friends kitty girls but i have no idea what it means please explain so not a fake
This is
same
Take Care takes me back to sophomore year a time !
No really , Asshurt fr .. Shit getting me guh im tired of explaining shit to them bc we dont have too
Hate how I can never sleep throughout the whole night, always randomly waking up at some point
You ever snore so loud you wake yourself up
wait to get the wine
I just got ah bad ass headache out of nowhere
Us, on your birthday riding around at 4 am looking for an open
Momma cooked.. grandma cooked I got food for days
got so much heat rn im sickkkkk
endhawks and hawksdabi are fine, but i LOVE the new hawkshouto trend the most FUCK THAT BOY UP
Ima go tho
I deadass have the coldest mf room in this house bitch cold
Okay expect The Haunting of Hill House to end that way
9 times out of 10 in my feelings, 10 times out of 9 only human, tell me what did I do wrong?
Wishing I had a bathtub so bad!!!!!
thank you sm!! love & miss you more
this the 2nd week my job gave me Monday and Friday off a bih is blessed telling you . he do it ?
Time off lah wey. Benti kejap, take a nap.
I think im going away in 2 weeks
just trying to go to The Liminal Space
I was really in the pool naked on snap lol
Can anyone at answer the phone? I want to inquire about a lost iPhone x
I wanna get my Teeth done Right but I dont want horse Lookin teeth Or Chiclet Lookin Teeth If that sounds right Lol
I need a heart to heart one on one
So Indecisive On How I Want My Hair For This Cruise
only
I talked to Ex bf in 5 months and I Finally talked to him today omg I missed him so much and
We're still waiting for the second BED video, where is, Onika?
Only 95 more hours to go...
Suddenly not so broody
I like this truck Darren has i want a new car
Finally home
Right back at youuu
in the cold?
so comfortable feel like going to the store
so happy we have real humans in this world been trying to tell this to people for the longest
Was Aunty Kemi Olunoyo right ni?
toooo grandma this weekend festivities has me like drained on another level literally waiting for the
Trynna get home, is there any couple of homies feelin generous to help my PayPal out for this to happen
I can eat 24/7
I really feel like being bothered I even know why I came over here.
They want to see you win
I hate that I'm watching Elite dubbed. Anime got me tired of reading subtitles
omg the softest baby boy youre so precious i love you
my stream froze so i had to turn on my tv and it took so long that i missed sophia & dance
I just want a boyfriend with a manbun. help. Not a greasy manbun either. Bye
I wanna go to the movies
Who scratched out BTS for blink-182
i wanna gon on a date & have somebody to make cute homemade gifts for again
In a food coma
I seen this under armor jacket I want
Bae cleaned up so I will come home to a fresh scented apartment and relax wake again for work
cashing checks I hope these hundreds stop the crying
And my other hair jet black
Me and my aunt has been with T-Mobile for 18 years
i even go
I need my hair done
I miss my boyfriend
Getting paid biweekly should be illegal
just trying to raise a dog with fine ass son
Wtfff my screen keeps cracking more!! watch me end up without a phone
what who'd he rape
so horny someone please sext with me
I need parts
I have never filled out a form faster in my life omg pls god be on my side just this
Any dude that does this needs one of them pocket toys cause it ain't that serious
Hyuck
be so satisfied
They're so beautiful i have to cry
I miss writing letters. My Google keep, journal is full of stuff but I want someone to read it
Halloween was trash
all fucked up
glad not out here getting embarrassed
So mad sold out .. was going today to see it
It took me 2 freaking days straight to prepare for this job interview so hopefully it turns out to be great
why do I keep losing my bracelet?
I Swear That Nap Was Well Enough Needed
struggling to stay up and I still have about 4 hours left
Ready to move to the beach!!!
Ugh work flow starts tomarrow I do not wanna go man
This is so touching
On me at work all i do is chew on ice
not getting out of my bed for the rest of the night so sleepy
I know Im high I just tryed to put my Kit-kat on
Why oh WHYY do I procrastinate!?
wait till Christmas
Well damn, You can fix my motor anyway fawkyoumean I saw what you put earlier too. Better not be 12
It never fucking fails
My brother looks so cute in his army uniform
I just want a home cooked meal..
that really bothers me
Tryna be here with my man next year
Can someone who loves me buy me Diamond Milk? I fucking deserve
My fave sunnies are officially broken
Its not even monday yet and im ready for the weekend
I believe my company bought me a car yet!
Hey guys, I need a cash injection of R5 million
This is what I wanted The Charmed reboot to look like
At work till 8:30 but grateful I have a job. Thank you God
gotta get rid of that man ASAP
Perfection
conplete mutual coward Omg I don't know who u are I usually forget to complete mutuals
One day my mother decide she putting domplin in soup. After that day I tell her never make a soup without domplin again
I be so drained after this damn double
holy fuck these shots are hitting me
This hit me hard
Racism is still exhausting! Nice young man trying to help is worn out .and the person
They really are
girl uh unn that man so fine
i missed you, it was good seein you too!
~ hungry, going to get some food
white girls white girls take ur mans sausage
I love that song
I forgot how much I loved this show
Take me back
I want ice cream
Living for these nails
My whole mood
I guess I will get my own medicine
I know Jay got a big ass Zozo how they get you
I am so ready to get some sleep in my bedddddd
I'm so sick of being an adult and having to make appointments for myself!!! Mommy HELP ME
take me back to guessing queen & relationship
My Lord.
I Gotta Bank But My Jordan Shoe Box Do Numbers Too
I see these girls on tl all the time but the one time I wanna dm them they gone
I can listen to music alllll day. Aaliyah, Total, Mokenstef, Jagged Edge
This customer said he pays the sitter $75 on game day biiiiiitch
Mustard Makes The Breading On Chicken So Much Better
my coworker had some gumbo, it was so good
thousand thousand miles away & he always makes sure straight lord you did it with this one.. and i thank you!!!
Going out next weekend I need it.
Im sneezing up a whole storm man
My chest hurts.. I tell if in my mind
Why do I be doing my homework on the day due ? now rushing
I just wanna be your friend
Top 2 con 6 kills
Finding manny outfit to wear to the living room & getting the best of me literally
Hope my client stay sleep rest of my shift
I believe having a baby girl you glowing sis
Is TLC calling you? Feeling unbalanced, depleted or over stressed
.
Give yourself the gift of self care with a
i stop looking at this girl titties
On my week off I wanted to get my sleeping pattern back into a normal one, and obviously that didn't happen
I got no clue who to Stan and who to not
You can only pretend to be happy for so long
This is crazyyyy
Take me back to when we used to run around outside spraying eachother with the water hose
BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITCH I'm not even playing tomorrow
But back to the money tomorrow morning / all day
Can you feel the nostalgia too
This shit b so cute
So salty her dryer just stopped working on me wtf
HONESTLY.
Degrade me while I sister succ
Impossible
I need this hat but I live in Georgia
I cut my nails down so much this time that I'm typing with tons of mistakes because the muscle memory doesn't match the nail length.
I want some cereal so bad finna fly home
let me go drive a whole 20 mins just to get a damn fruit bowl this why i need a bae .
So my mom is trying to adopt this little girl she is sooooooo sweet
awww I see more posts bout you injury dan de actual game
been craving it too on my list for tomorrow,
i love me some eye contact
but i don't
Seems like being Mayor has gone to head
My house is filled with people and my social anxiety is making me wanna in my room hiding but so hungry
with lime...trust me I know
I just want to be your best friend buuuuut.....
I need a vacation
Wow my friends are great.
I wish Ess was here
Tengo unas ganas de ir a Come Back y ver a Crudo Means Raw
had Sunday dinner in so long this food is speaking to my soul
thank you Tee I really appreciate that . Same with you & your hair stuff when you get some on hand lemme know
selfish I need you all to myself I swear
Shebi it's the same coke na?? No added sugar whatsoever or extra stew. Just that it's bigger. What's the noise about abeg
been saying this and still a wear wah me lef till dem mash up
where do you get all your inspiration quotes. i need more of this in my life
My head is really pounding
Got Back From The Studio Minutes Ago, Mad Tired!
Been craving longhorn steakhouse
really hella mean Mfas be so sacred to even say hi to me
Finally off
I really need this week to fly by cus I need a mental break from work my residents be having me drained
Please pray for me guys just know your boy is hurting
These wings and burger hit the spot so full.
why has no one married yo dumbass yet
Wow
Mariah can uncrook her neck she know that man gon handle his business to make sure straight she makes me sick
get to see you and hug you! then we fight
Who cares about Chris brown
Do you work with Vixxen? would slay. keep it up girl! Your videos are amazing!
I need to go to a party
This Panera employee just warmed up my heart gave me and Val free cookies to take back home Caus she saw us
I remember when they printed out free online
Goodie say Jay won the lotto!
currently at work contemplating if i really want this paycheck im tired af
Done I Swear
But I help it and I say it anyway
why is it that when i think he can't be more insufferable he really manages to go beyond
He is so precious such an amazing mom!
I want a balcony. Hardwood Open space. picky as hell
Made it through another shift ...
Mariah can uncrook her neck she know that man gon handle his business to make sure straight she makes me sick
Wow. Sending condolences
I'm hurt Alexa play fake love
is a mood
I love this part of the mv so much
In first all day and then...
Want
I wish I know the first thing about raw feeding
Need my phone call answered shit irritating
My teeth is hurting so bad
bff saved my life
it sucks my sister be here this year she would know im high & be geeking off me
I just wanna go home I seen my babies all day
Addicted to seafood
jst follow me baaaack
I need a man
on episode 8 & my mind is blown omfg. I need to stop watching & I
The young lad graduated from church today
He turned in his bucket of Legos
He can officially
Ikrrrrr literally die to see him perform live his voice literally gives me an orgasm i love you
I dead ass look just like this lady with this ponytail
Somebody call me!! bored
I need to finish my leg tattoos and my back
Same
I really tried being festive by buying fall scented candles for my room but tbh this shit is wayyyyy too much and my nose handle it
Do I really gotta go back to reality?
these new couples
sure zai put grease in your daughters hair dumb ass but since you THINK you know best about what is
The most hardest thing
To make a lash appt or thug it with the falsies all weekend?
Wey, me causa mucho esto
It may be getting cold outside but I still put on my slides
This weekend went by way too fast
Im going to kick ur god son ass lol
my impact
My off day is not until Thursday
Thats a fact straight winter outside
You cute boo! You did your thang, but i like the video where you hit your head better
I need a week off work
So cold. Wish I could cuddle up in it rn
Sunday dinner about to touch my soul
Cant wait
Tired of fw these lames, I just need a thug
almost time to wake up and I even slept
my stomach is literally empty
My boyfriend and I had matching colors AND BANDANAS on last night but we had so much fun we take any pictures
I need a picture of them together before I go to bed , extra meets extra, sass meets sass
Worst part about being a lesbian? When you horny, and find the dick maybe under the couch headass.
Ugh tired of missing Panthers games
I love them so much
I Hope She Really Just Sell Only 24 Tickets.!
in sha Allah le taffe demain pour aller taffer
Wey, me causa mucho emperre esto
Bae got his tv I got mine. Now I just need something to watch
Let me slow down on these drinks
go up there. gonna took me OUT!
All I want for Christmas is Jason Garret and Scott Linehan to be fired
Good! I need to
I miss high school/the early 00's. Such good TV.
Pregnancy is such a beautiful thing but man some days it really just kicks me in the ass.
I actually miss having a house phone
UM VOTINHO POR FAVOOOOOOOR
Oh fuacck
It's struggle meal time of the month
I was pose to go to house yesterday and my lazy ass never left the house
Love those tweets that are so ironic because they are about the person that tweeted them
I was lost but you brought me back into the light. My soul thanks you
I need to buy this party ticket now to avoid paying more but idk if realistically gonna wanna go out two nights in a row
2012 will always be a hit
I miss my friend but im been sooo busy
Sis THANK YOU! Omg Im so glad to hear you enjoy my content!
Thank you gorgeous !
my bfs mom brought my son pull ups and told me not to let him wear diapers anymore he used his potty 3 times today like a big boy
man tweaking
finally be able to hook up my new pc this Tuesday
Back to reality agaiin
Unfortunately, I have to head back to work for a long night of inventory So what does that mean for you? I want
Is it good? RT Okay expect The Haunting of Hill House to end that way
I want something sweet
Complicated
I know how I made it through last week at work. Gotta make it through one more.
Why all the women I get already broken???? What the fuck do lame ass niggas be doing to these chicks mane
Why I loose weight just as easy as I put the food to my mouth
addicted to Starbucks starting to be a problem
How can you fall asleep like naturally, me handling my sleep pattern god no ....
My Hoodie collection finna be so live !
I miss mine so much
pomegranate season and i want to eat sooooo many
I really appreciate my mom I just spent a ridiculous amount at Sephora and she was like yes baby girl
Why do I still have on my work clothes
I wait to get my followers back up on IG
bae needs to hurry up I'm in the mood.
My heart
House phone conversations were the best
Class of 2018!!!
made some great friends in college grateful for and could never let go
going back on my Keto tomorrow I hope I get that dumb ass flu again
About a week ago, bb. the plan??
ima soon have a team of god babies all boys too i know it lol
I love food
I finally did this year for my nd birthday Girl I keep that thing in my glove compartment sweaaaa
My girl got me runnin round all dat doin nut shit... bruhhh
Whats for dinner man fml
And you think I was serious! I could use a wheelchair right now too
Trying to go to woods of terror this year before over
I just want to go home and read fanfic but no updating anything
I just really need someone to bring me a large hot chocolate from
My face is killing me
they had one job
changed my username cause my other one was gay but idk about this username i think of anything
only 8pm an dead tired
Sis if you find out let me know
I can't understand why I'm always hungry, of late this is stressful
This is all I be asking for.
love you! As i sit here still working
this makes me want to rewatch gossip girl over again all of the 6 seasons, it was so goodd!!
Anyone else get genuinely sad leaving home after a weekend? I mean I love college but man my family is the best
Oh this is going to be a long year
Ready to sit back & smoke a fat ass bluntttt
i know be at work tomorrow morning when they have the showcase
Everytime I ask AJ for some of his candy furry af ...like bruh what do you be doing to the candy
ready.
After these braids come out, not getting my hair done till Christmas
wala pako review review sa history
bro wtf is you
Hi I'm everybody!
this episode tho
i wait to put my baby in pats and red sox jerseys
woke up t so many heart-warming texts ahhh i love
wish I was waking up to nice things
I am over nfl only watching college football
why I read that , lol that was my babyyyyy man still love thou
freezing outside
Dat slp was everything
Is TLC calling you? Feeling unbalanced, depleted or over stressed .
Give yourself the gift of self care with a
My room smells so good I could cry rn
I did a 10 hour shift today
I swear like you blink & poof Monday again.
Got a late start with dinner tonight
I wait to see our photos, even though my daughter would not budge
If anyone is looking for a
ISO a cuddle buddy Hoyt too bougie to put its heat on
CLAIMING IT
Forreal..unfollow me
Brits doing American food better than America?! For fucking SHAAAAAAME
Medical information should not be available for people who doctors on the internet
my lil cousin greeted me with this song for weeeeeks and I had no idea what was happening. Niiik-Niiik Shark!
Had to delete the evidence
Im on Twitter 24/7 I cant help it
believe was in town and I get the memo!
Man i work so much i be so tired
I wanted to get tickets when Was in Reno but I just found out $100 So jus kidding
I hate I get in my feelings fast
I want some red velvet ice cream
Why does the weekend last 35 seconds
Finally someone with the truth
when an outcast in your own family ugh wig !! the tea jumped out sis! Mood !! Period !
please wrap up the angst later and give me a happy wonshim tomorrow
You can just tell how a nigga look that his breath about to smell like straight chitterlings. Hygiene is a huge thing to ms
I should be home rn
No one will ever get on our lever uGH
I only eat waffles if cut into sticks
idk why craving chicken nuggets so bad right now
I want some grits like right now extra butter
I miss D talk to my dawg in a minute
really about to be 24 next year
hard being a Cleveland fan these days
He just called and said I just called to say I love you still mad at his ass doe
LMAOOOO, some ARMYs be saying some RISKY shit
Those Benalias are gonna be the death of me
so ready to get my XS MAX
No one will ever get on our level ugh
Really want some enchiladas
addicted to american deli wings and fried rice
Current situation on last 4 posts on Instagram minimal likes on all, what am I doing wrong? Why am I not seen
Alright baby fever af holy shit baby k so beautiful
If u really want to cuz a cool person and be so cool
Bro Remy can get her shii clapped omm
time to dump and run afraid.
Long Night Ahead. Little Man Just Shift This Viral Infection
I need mee a fine ass lesbian not no bisexual confused ass female
Gd has some nice asf hands
sooo does this mean are gonna bring futurama back
marriage is a huge goal in my life
I want some Real Wings I just dnt wanna go always there
I just want perfect eyebrows they have came a long way
NAH I THINK I'M ON SOME KANYE SH*T NOW
Lil cute young ass
i been gone for 4 days and this the longest me and my baby been apart i miss him so much
Only little Mexican I love is you
thats what they do to me everyday
I deadass am girl.
I need a damn Big Mac and fries. ok kel, whatever you want
i literally have 7p to my name and that's in my bank account. in person i am rinsed
This so accurate
ikr
Lemme boop that nose
i wait to get off
i honestly just wanna hug shannon for an hour been too long
sorry, we have done you the DIRTIEST but this song + sunsets + broken hearts is everything
[166]
when he follows you on twitter relationship goals
I want a cake or something sweet...like a brownie sundae
Made taco soup for the first time it was good
my anxiety levels
Drinking again is my jam! ctfuuuu bc I never met anyone under 50 that likes Frank Sinatra other than me
Me trying to get started for tomorrow. Sunrise, Florida
got rocky messed up omg
so tired of the migraines and nausea
This is gold thanks love !
lemme see
I always get way too excited before traveling and end up not being able to sleep
been feeling like someone broke my heart all day lmao can I go back to feeling like myself
Preparing for work tomorrow
I swear nigga might leave me on
sorryyyy I have attention issues pls
I miss my curly hair already but too cold outside.
You still answer my question
Tired of arguing man
Cleveland sports right now
Finding a place is not easy
i wanna do this
I miss you
Their personalities!!! When they revealed them on DWTS I knew I was gonna love them.
ready for The Chi to come back on
"write in my diary how sad i am " OH COLT
He's irrelevant but still is in your mouth??? 2+2
a real one ily
Hey friend... i miss yall
do u still have that tweet when kr twitter was making fun of rm behind gd i wanna rt it
Click bait article attracting bottom feeders !! Ffs try reporting some real news instead of trawling Twitter for shite
been a long as weekend fucking exhausted
Of course they announce this when I have no money!
Someone take me to a pumpkin patch already!
*sigh*
I just wanna be cuddled to bed by the same person every night
overdue for a new Jazmine Sullivan album
But I want it now
The way niggas set up I gotta start a whole new line up
Damn so fuck Anthony huh?
Right
Let me take my nightly tums
i hate sleeping with the fan but this heat
' I Want Pashynn To Have Them Shoes Saturday
this could pass off as a subunit already
you just wanna make time visit you in Kumasi just you see you Lol why would you do that? I'm an awful person
People who tip suck. So far my shift today has been terrible
Finish cooking & clean my bathroom & i can chill
I honestly probably would pick Mac over turkey but I like to cause chaos and deadass really not that great to me
this hangover lasted all day
I neeeeeeded that
Thank you
i know i wish i could take you with /:
I also want
I'm just fucking tiny. I didn't ask for this.
Lmao every morning. Makes me not even wanna get up
really wanna go to the movies Saturday
Fresh set, pedicure, threaded eyebrows, and a silk press .. oh baby, I wait !
Wednesday come fast enough!! It has been waaay too long since been under the gun
never been so ready to be home
fake LOVE MEEEEEE
i wanna go to the movies
They pulled tea too
25 in two weeks. Still so deep in my overdraft from uni which I left 3 years ago KATY ITS TIME TO GROW UP I
ugh i fucking love her
Totally I couldn't stop
I know you going through some changes
The bass in this
I even know any niggas i be going to my homegirls IG like ouu he cute lemme follow him
Overthinking is bad for the soul
so spoiled ... that never be able to fully comprehend a NO
It was a good game ??? We won though lol and gronk still questionable did anyone get hurt
Hendrick's Gin
My best friend!! CHECK HER OUT!! so proud of you baby
I wish I had some macaroni noodles I made macaroni and cheese too
can we please have a dark theme?
your positivity is what i live for i believe in you bby!!
oh goodness tysm love
gonna get another job getting double the bread
so dead hella right now
d-1 until mono is out i still believe joon only gave us two days to prepare
I miss running with my baby girl
Awe! Thank you It was one year off from 4 years She will
she so fine
I am so tired
Currently watching... Chicago
so damn socially awkward so sad. really been stepping out of my comfort zone lately though.
i think my ribs are supposed to hurt like this
Never thought feel this way again..
Millers setup with those Jersey
my feel so sensitive feel like they be bouta fall out when i eat something
I lost my wallet with everything
can I steal the second one? your mind I
time flies I swear you just had him
The hell im bout to eat
YVES NAO ME MATE SOU APENAS UMA CAMPONESA NAO SOU UMA VIADINHA
Oh! 8am on weekdays making me sick..
Why is that Monday is far from friday,
While friday is near from monday..
Keep safe all..!
Ahhhhhh!!!
so cute seeing all the escaramuzas with there boos! mbn yo quiero novio que me
The loml is in North Carolina
Both my neighbors are pregnant. in the water.
And the midnight phobia is threatening us again.
so bored
Long car rides + slow jams= In your feelings
I have worked so hard all day cleaning and now I have zero motivation to prep for school
Fuck off
She smoking a L
Factsss just like surprise me once a month
I like to spend my Sunday nights wishing it Sunday night
all crazyyy
somebody facetime me
Why am I so tired like I wake up at 4pm
Literally starving 9pm!!!
All I wanna know is where tf Jacob left my debit card
This just made my day omg
Who gonna feed it not me !
This girl hounding me for a baby she tweakinnn
no next sunday
My guilty pleasure
But your legs already look sexy as I would say more but I wanna get divorced lmao he
Saw a guy limping hours after the Toronto marathon like I feel you dude been there
Lmaooo Naomi enough, I need both.
No cash=no hoes on yo dick
Aww
Blueberry muffins sound so good rn
I needed to read this
The one with glasses
just gimmie one day w/ lil baby & gunna
I just really been feeling that hair thing lots just make me rich
Need more horror rp accounts to interact with. I want to write murders and shit
who has a grubhub and/or doordash referral code
I'm bout to take mine too
Girl yes, exactly why I had one yet I want one tho
This use to be my song
The loml is in South Carolina
I had this bruise on my leg for a week now and it still hurt
6 more hours till my first paper
Need lashes
Who knew it was possible to have someone who sees your flaws and still sticks by you
Cassius wish Piper a happy birthday
pain doesn't go away .. it turn you into a savage
Popped up by the house & they were having a wholeeee party
so happy to be back in Houston understand the struggle of being in a small ass town with nun to do
Exactly
Sabby, Brandon, Zeik , i miss why gotta move to different states && shiii
because the midterm elections now we have to wait an extra wk
I be getting played like chess damn. Check me out this life
I like school and all I just hate papers
Need more horror rp accounts to interact with. I want to write horror stories and murders and all thatttt.
with roy in charge that is actually possible bro
I wish i had some food
Wow thank you all for loving my man
That swipe tho
Game just ended too...good luck
can we get a album soon please
i absolutely love the way my boyfriend looks at me . it melts my heart .
Yeah no, very very bad
How you motivated by mfs who lost in life
Everything and everybody is irritating to me
imagine being such a thot in the 1600s that you get based off of for a slutty vampire ugh your fave could never
Poor Chip.
running weather . But also to dark to run
I may fuck up, I havent done this in a minute, but shawty I want you
Ate to Damnn much
why are you sooo worried about someone body ? damn weirdos
stomach hurt have ate all that food
not often I get pissed off, but when I finally do I really blow tf up
I actually hate this mount
The worst part about all of this is that I lost my best friend and now I have nobody to talk too
attack me but 3 months somuch to learn
What the fuck nahhhhhh ! crazy .
Somebody go to the store for me
bath and body works really be getting me smelling like paris amour
My stomach hurt so bad
This def the weather you make sure ya gas tank is full cold af outside
Sooooo happy my friend just told me she pregnant
He so handsome
LAWD GEEZUS!
Dr Ayidan was dreading having to tell that may need to move out of Atlanta
But he
The weather right now is tooooo nice
Trying kiss on oomf tonight
Why the fuck can I never fall asleep on a Sunday night
so drained I even have energy to do my hair
just ready to get fine this weekend. Period.
This tweet age well
Ain't shit going on out here Ashley enjoy your time away
We both had rough losses today, Bryan!
How I feel but always the ones you want that catch feelings
me and you both gray
Ive watched this so many times
Still both bad injuries
everytime i come over my aunts house she makes sure i eat before i leave
Everytime by myself I start overthinking shit baccwood me pls
I REEEEALLY wanted to include Miguel on both lists since his album came out so late last year
new phone who dis
honestly losing one of my best friends an hurts
??
this
i wish i had the right type of face to have my nose pierced
Nah no longer working for my passion working whatever job pays me the best idc what you Twitter guros say
God has humbled me soooo many times when I even need it
Was watching this video and sis said not going to Hell, after all and I felt that
I got love, baby, and a dog. here for love and my current dog.. but we can wait on a child.
I have a Halloween party to go to next week & i have NO clue what to be!!! Gimme ideas
everybody making plans to go eat. broke and the only plans I have tonight are to fuck my man. atleast free
I cannot believe I agreed to share custody of I hope Nikki make me regret this
Iyanla Vanzant and Katherine Jackson have the same walk.
incomplete
I just layed up in so long.. im having withdrawals I do not like being single. I love having somebody lol
Ugh going
Fries with salt pepper and mumble sauce be hitting when you hit
I got you by gates >>> my shit!
I stg I hate bedtime. It is so miserable.
ALL my friends say the same shit you to
Fr!! we really dooo!! When everyone is back in town since most people moved out for uni
Your hugs and kisses mean just as much I love you lex
I still believe West gone
Might go spend a hunnit on lottery tickets
Mwen fe pifo jounen an in bed pa regle anyen epi se taleu an mwen realize keu i have an online quiz
i want to watch halloween
okay i need the clear out all these old ass followers that aren't even active, this is going to take a minute
That was so intense
Wind is just disrespectful
I love hard up bitches bitches who be really stiff but mouth so slick liiikkkeee yess bitch curse me out so i can devour you later
so cuteeeee
Aye the fact she listened tho .....some of except for a nigga to just go cold turkey
Hey Save the other half for the rest of us please
who the fuck ? I might have to pump breaks on these obsessed with your verse ughhhh
And I miss my babies
Body is legit killing me right now
Today has really been a long day ! Left my wallet, someone stole my money ! Like ugh
Thunder didn't change much from last season to this one. We continue to play our first half like garbage
I just want a blunt and some puppy cuddles
My ocd is out of control
I want a man
not everyday
Why am I so tired
Nmw we do we stay away from eachother
I really hope my son has a close bond with his dad and family
Fuck this traffic I wanna get home
My daughter Uggs are so cute, I buy anything for myself and if I do getting more stuff than me
is found dead ! THESE ARE BEAUTIFUL!!!
Literally trying to decide if I should leave right now
We even make it out of the line and into the spot
Why am I sleepy again
really craving some mimosas rn
in all my feels now that home
We are obsessed with huhot
I want one, NOOOOOOOOOWWW!
If I off on I would have dropped out
, I wait to touch my damn bed
Probably gon cook me a big ass pot of gumbo and invit my babies over Friday
4 more hours
Not a good weekend for clevelAnd sports
I want to stay the night out
I miss my son
Everything was so different years ago on this same day who thought
Fair dooze to my sisters fella wacking out all the stops and cooking her a romantic dinner and buying her gifts
I been to the movies in forever
This soft spot for this person is gonna get me killed
Where is my man I want his attention
;(
I thought it was just Meehhh
I miss my dawggggg man I wait to go home
I just want to carve a damn pumpkin
I know neither.
When u stop eating meat you really look at meat like still alive Shit Be Wild.
HOW have i only recently started watching actually obsessed what a queen
My mans have a Twitter so I tag him, but my gosh I love it when he speaks Spanish like yes fuck up my life papi
Story of my life and basically no earth or air
i just want to show somebody daughter , that im worth they time
All these potential plans but ima be responsible and stay home
I need me a bitch so I can lick her pussy from the front to the back
I can't wait to meet him one day
Ughhh my dogs get the notice that is on. Thank goodness for the
Everytime I see her slay bro
Ohhh they breaking the internet
hard
Can we listen to music and vibe
Niggaz been dropping like flies this year
I swear i wait for this term to end idk if i can survive this next month
you did not come to play today!
me siento tan down hoy
I will never get over this one how shy and giddy pmew was just cuz art sent him a virtual gift and how happy
Oh Okay So This Man Heaven Sent
o mg yes, love stage is so good
that is an amazing idea
Apparently too much of a handle full
I need a foot/leg massage
last night was so fun
Story of my life
Time is flying and it makes me so sad because I feel like I need to enjoy life more and live more in the moment.
I-I just stayed inactive today go back to my video game
what else do i need to catch up on reading?? i like so many things while i'm scrolling, thinking i'll find it later then i lose track
never been one to like that LV bag everyone has but the size is just so efficient
I asked you to get me a turkey leg
Sooooo which way does this go?
gonna watch so much Duke basketball
Is it time to be cuddled up in bed yet?
I really need one
My stomach is touching my damn back
I fucking miss you
sooooo boring here like i cnt wait for tuesday
be dick riding on me
I really tell little Kevin
Need to see Halloween
Yoooo, thanks, patiently waiting for her
I know right it's like they are actually one
I just want the rzr to be back together
Not yet done na
I been in my room all day
I miss Panda Express so much
you're great mother girl .. fuck him !
man if this song drop while working tomorrow
I wish I can call out tonight but off tomorrow
so sorry you have to deal with this pain sis . also up in pain tonight, it gets so exhausting so I take
killing me with the Brother Nature stuff
If you could star in a million more Hallmark movies, be great. Such an incredible
is so lucky
Fish, oysters, mac n cheese & probably string beans. I might even do cornbread
This tweet.
I am the master procrastinator
Whew what in the nature is going on
My favorite part would be Goyo's death (mmm dont kill me) because I saw the light in everyone's
Oh yess
My stomach hurttt
Can she calm down
I needed more days
look at my lil strawberry starburst
i wish I was that lady that he fell on
I either. But not expecting any good news either
QA is tedious
Hoyyy yung A1 magcoconcert dito
Who got me on a bottle
im dreading this drive to tampa thursday already
Boy This 3-11 Was Rough.. Hurry Up 11-7
Over here play fighting Malik and I just slipped and bust my ass so hard way too old to be falling like this
nobody told me how crazy babies get during teething stage SOS LOL
Every concert seems better in the US than here
we lost because I literally didn't play all weekend
gonna be a long night
Feeling Horrible
fck..
I need the jacuzzi jets on my back bc a bitch is feelin old w/ back pains rn
Liable to cry
am i the only female who wishes they had small boobies???
Not Texas again
my life is falling apart
Omg that cute curl has gonnneeee he just trimmed his sidesss. Oh well he still cute
ever got some head and stop thinking about it?
got small spaces left on my arm for my half sleeve but I know what to fill it with thinking
this shit get sadder & sadder by the day
i would go if i working
Domo come to my city , hang i dont have any friends
I love megan thee stallion got dammit
When are we going to make our game squad? We should be there
What I would do to be at arrowhead rn
Ugh why is tomorrow already Monday again
stuck between enjoying where I am & wanting to ready up & find/learn myself
addicted to Calypso
my voice is completely gone
the weekend went by too fast
crazy
I was rl just knocked im so tired
Randomly finding money is such a blessing
ah well once getting home after work , get some rest . and im just doing homework
A niqqa all about me , mind spending his day with me ... there when I need him , Loves me
We're trying
out of the mouth of babes
describes me reading this whole message
something about when he performs Angel I just . in love
sitting here with 8500 COD points from my pre order with no way to use them for BO4
Someone shoot your shot in my dms
I think so beautiful and would hit you up but I what your type is Sis go for it :)
Patiently waiting
Mfs say I grabbed two of them bitches deaddd I use to do the same shit
my gym boo, i miss & love you & thank you
golden shower makes her feel warm all over
I gotta taste for some popeyes
sign me up for this party
I need season 2 darling!
Welp back to reality tomar
so thankful for my step dad
A niqqa all about me , mind spending his day with me ... there when I need him , Loves me
You know important to you when every red light you get while driving, you instantly reply back
I GOTTA DO THIS OVER B.. LOL
A nigga just want a home cooked meal
howwwwwwwww could you not love hotgirl meg tho?
Exactly mad dramatic folks called ppl who do this poor
so ready to see the shower and the bed
First kid at 25. I just have to make it 10 months.
I know babe, I really need to stop.
I text and drive but
Mummy Simi fun Simi ni smack down
If I had ugly hair maybe I be so insecure about wearing hijab but my hair so damn nice and silky
mad was out here acting a fool yesterday & we lost
I spent half the day w my boyfriend and i already miss him
This nigga smells like a bit of disappointment with of tups of lies, but I love it
I worked in a week and I really want to go back tomorrow
I cooked so much food and I eat anything
Now I have to be on twitter because I deleted my fb
My hands are dead shaking and idk why
Normally I carry my little clutch & not the big tote i was about to be sick.
DM me I'm selling nudes, sexts and videos!! I'm waiting
decide what I want for dinner
Back at it again making my heart melt this is the kinda positivity I need to see Daily
I think getting sick
already sharing with Elizabeth
Anybody ever did a cultural artifact speech?? If so what did do it on
i appropriate you stephanie
Ugh I need something to do for Halloween
its not streaming on the app
Sksksksksk I thought miss Gaga is about to canceled her engagement to to marry Bradley. SMH!
no me too
I had some good sex in a minute
40 hours
LADIES! Can PLEASE start a bare face selfie thread under here!
Damn Pierre now I want one
seen my gf in two days, I finally see her she hands me her vape and I dropped it! I RUIN EVERYTHING
Them bois never sleep and i have a lot to catch up on after leaving this bird app for a few days. Im tired can
shower and in my bed i go until i i got work at 6a.m
Now I'm crushing
lots of rats in those shoeboxes too I know firsthand
why is this tweet calling our group out
trying to stay up to finish my laundry but so mf tiredddd
tired asf!
If she goes unclaimed at the end of the week I can take her, I won't get paid til Friday I'll
yes i want her to come on christmas or before at all bad enough she coming in December
Idek what to do with myself rn
Twin played by Ella Mai earlier & i almost cried but i feel this song in my soul on a different level
Beauty w brain
I need me a Cole
I never take pics anymore but I took a pic of that closure I just did it looked so real
I listened to the whole thing yet
gonna get back to you
wishing he placed a bet on this fight
been a weekend full of laughter and long lasting memories!! I miss my little sister already!
My baby sister is really 19. My others babies just turned 11 and about to be 10....like what is my life
Think i want my nose pierced on both sides
Not ready for Monday
Nahulog heart ko for a second there
Cook & Now Full Asf
OMG WHAT?! why gas in the bay be 2.70?!
My poor baby is teethinggggg
My friends mom said getting too small she likes it when I was bigger I sis lol
Had to wash my hair twice in one day. I am crying my hair is used to one wash every 3-4 days
You bout to block me too
I want so much more out of life right now
I love food thats the key to my heart
Why hating wrong with albanian
I miss you all ready come back to argue w/me
been watching Snapped all day
Ooooh one handed grab
If she caress your balls while you hitting it from the backs SHES A KEEPER
I get no good pics from last night
wait to go home and read my book
My sharp shot splashing threes like he a pure sharp.
Really wish I was home so I could pay my respects. Stay strong everyone & rest easy Kizzzy!
I started watching gossip girl again and now I stop
Nak beli seeeemua chiffon duck
I almost passed tf out
The fuuuuck move to 24s show me tf how
Bae goes on vacation in less than a week & ima be home alone for 5days ima be so bored.! Bae the only person I hangs with .. Lol ..
This damn WiFi keep acting up
Having somebody ALL to yourself the best feeling I wait.
Wait a minute, Renesmee Cullen is the Nutcracker!?!? Why do I feel like a proud parent!?
I just want to rest the whole week
Girl They AMAZING Omg
My workout be having me so sore... I literally was waddling around today..
getting anxious
i like the heat but wish it got a lil cool, not COLD cold but jus a lil cool
I just finished The Office
The best!!!
Such an emotional game lol! Wild and please let me never have to live through another game like that!
For real though hiding right under my cajun fries
queen knows her stuff
i either but going to try to catch it at work
Bitches be thinking they want wit my nutty ass yeah ight.
, This lil baby never lets me just be great just for a moment he either in my ribs , kicking my bladder or balling up help me lord .
ugh i wish theyll release this soon
My man gotta have a full beard
beyond words
I swear, every time Abigail posts pictures of her princess I get baby fever
Uh uh I got full after the appetizer
baby girl don't grow up so fast please
I wish I had husband that a hold it down while I got back to school
this time last year I had not a care in the world! literally living my best life happening to me. lol
Long day ahead of me tomorrow
A little fun
A little terrifying
Hahaha
Jimmy Dean sandwiches are so good I want one
I know... Like what is there to believe nigga
I need the full version
*on my period*
*Madde sticking her youngest out at me*
Me: oh baby what the mouth do
Mads: eats snacks
Me:
ah miss the release of i am you by 2 hours since still be at work
WHEN THE PERSON IS PRETTIER THAN THE VIEW
So happy i dressed warm
Give the guy a a chance. ours now.
Craving some cuddles right now
STOP
man I mean givin me mixed signals so idek if I have a boo or not like wtf
I just had to basically repierce my tragus and now my ear is throbbing od
I just want something good to eat
impulse purchased yet again what is wrong with me.
Why is it so hard to recharge votes
I blink and the weekend is over
Lol ever will you catch me in the bag just listening to big Sean
what did brother nature do ?!
i wait to get to Louisiana
And it actually came out in July of that year.
HE SAID THAT HIS DYING WISH IS TO SUFFOCATE IN THIS BOOTY megan how do you express my every thought
This shit so beautifulllllll
I wanna hear sweeter than fiction live so bad. on my bucket list but I know never happen
im so stressed sia like i wasnt even like this for As
Man can November 3rd hurrrry up already
3 months? And they getting married?
i have class and meetings all day hakdjsks
..wish I could rewind back to Friday evening
I just wanna lay up with my girlfriend but taking forever to get here
Catch me crying because my mom sent me a picture of my baby while I was gone. Im almost home honey bun
ready for my birthday already me and tutu bout to be lit.
you pay for what are we watching??
All I want is Pizza Hut
I get so upset when i go to the store and see matching stuff for the girls i miss them so much
Been at work since 7am ready to go homeeee
bless you maddy ilysm
: I gotta do this homework that I wanna do
Don't get me wrong now it's some unfit bitches too & it's sad
I know
Mi Jennifer Hudson adorada siempre es la en completar equipo I'm watching S15E07 - The
feeling sassy as hell singing tonight
credit to:
Exhausted asf
Damn, some hateful shit
Maaaaaann, they need to put the Bernie Mac show back on Netflix and then they need to add the kings of comedy
in soooo much pain g
Is it really?
His face is the story of my life! feel you bro.
my Teeth is hurting me
Mood
i got an headache
Yassss Im tryna be cuffed and pinned downnnnnn
Mono drops when I'm in class
this is sooooo cute
I took an hour and a half nap today and I guarantee you be going to bed early tonight.
A. Sis. Is. Tired.
I honestly still think about H like I don't know I know I'm moving down to Cali in the near future, but like
single SINGLE and it sucks
This is a joke obviously....... I believe there are people who get that like this 100% did not fucking happen
so sorry that allergic to seafood
Agreed
Is it a full album? Because your EP was such a beautiful teaser
I love him so much my brother is better than yours!
I remember reading the diary of Anne frank the best book ever in school my teacher was mad I finished reading the book before the movie
Taehyung is so BREATHTAKING is the beret+coat+scarf+round glasses ensemble I'm feeling things... Why is he so
Part of me would like to consider taking a break from school, but I wanna keep going
IISA LANG SI SHANE AT MIKEL!
i hate waking up with allergies ahHHHH i can't breathe
Me too
still sick behind the game
finally laying down
Bitch wtf! Be careful dawg!!! Happy birthday but DONT FUCKING DIE on ya birthday
True definition of a Sag! we really love and need our space
The homies boutta wild out imma fr be missing out this year
This steak smells so good & the baked mac so cheesy
My life is like a game of chess... I play chess
I care about people more than they care about me and my problem
Apple really top flight security with this 2 factor authentication
This moving stuff is annoying not tomorrow and about to get mad already
If you have the right reads and the necessary patience and defense, she's ridiculous.
Wish I could watch
STOP I FEEL BAD FOR YOU AND YOU LAUGHING
I hope if I ever have kids I somehow give my children pretty colored eyes. Oh mannn. Such a weakness
soon as i get home im getting in the shower and going straight to bed
This shit so ughh
I wish I had 1% of talent. I would be better than all the other girls
I know I know.
Y no se puede ver online?
How I supposed to be carnival ready when Dawson cooks so good
The hardest decisions of the day for me are picking a nap with my child or choosing to get the house chores and laundry done
it feels really good when people add my playlists on apple music
I tried too
I love it! I might need you sis
Another night of watching Hill House and then regretting it
One more client for the day Im tireddd
Lazeez hitting alll the spots rn
Somebody come get my dog before I put her out been super annoying
Girl you KNOW the first person who cam to my mind!!!!
I lying this boy fine af
I need to catch up on river dale I just remember where I left off
Every time I do this no leave out shit I end up wanting a sew in finna buy some hair and get a sew in
why is this all hitting me right now..
yes
And I'm only 5'2"
really want some chili from
I Really Love Pussy. Like Fr! Its Sick. && I Help It.
Aww I really wanted one
What did I do to deserve this happiness?
Me too! you know how many times tweeted her asking for it to be a bonus track on sweetener at least!
Try 10 Days , SKRESSSEDDDDDDD
back to the gym in the morning
1st subj walang prof
Woodys never disappoints
please hopefully I have the luck to win this god bless you sweetie
i have union school this week so already knowing bout to be a long ass week.
Sad weekend for Cleveland sports fans
whew lawd , i needs a vacation l
I love everything about this woman
Miss being laid up so bad i just wanna be fucking held
Gotta figure out where df ima be staying friday night
I thought I was the only one
bouta get so high my body hurt so bad
just the sight of thought of alcohol is making extremely sick
you took 2 today bruh
Alright you!! I wanna get lost!!!
Got a bad bitch she far from average
not even in the mood to make these spooky baskets
I need a blunt and a glass of pink Muscato..
I desperately need to go shopping for the fall/winter
Anybody in west philly available to pump my gas? anemic
Take me back to when I know you were colorist and I could play Medicine in peace
Today made my baby fever worse.. I love my babies man
I slept so good this weekend omgosh I needed the rest so bad
If came to Florida I would have to go to her concert alone because the only person who would go with me is miles away
same here but no worries I still keep tabs on u lmao I know doing good
Oversized sweaters are theee best I bought one in a flea market for only 3 bucks! I wish they had more choices/colors!
It really is
I wanna blow out so bad
This lil body is hurrrrrtinggggg
I've supported you for 8 years I think I deserve being notice
used to be that friend but she got tired of me taking trash pics of her
I wear that. Lots of Aero and Hollister tho
I need high top vans ASAP. The weather is getting worse and my low vans n converse gonna help much
We fuck long every time we link
Really need to stop eating out
mum really needs a vacation, still move on what happened to grandma
would be nice af
Now that I have more free time ima start going to the gym so I can get ready for birth I am not trying to go past my due date
i tweeted it once and it flopped so im just letting it age in my drafts
Can we get a mixtape
For years wished for the to have a game. Now that they do, I kinda wish they
cremosa demais
I have to watch
is senior year over
always that one nail tryna come off before you get a fill
I have yet to meet someone like this
Rocky b beat up Cuban doll a few months ago I guess she just take that L.
I wish ahmani was in town she the only one who don't be faking when it's time to get my shit done
I need my gmoms
Just catch some for free
Depression has gotten worse
Whyyyy I sleep works gonna be fun
This broke my heart
Aww I really wanted one
I pray my daughter understands I love her her mama
then i put a lil more milk on top to make it cold
Bitches With No Car Be Everywhere LIKE bitch , HOW U GET OVER HERE
Bitch it's been 24 hrs since we last talked so that means you've been out OUT
Yes and being under him every weekend canceling on the bitches and everything
Same girl, same. Rough day for both of our teams yesterday!
I wanna go to their concert so bad!
The conjuring
too stressful
I want a real home cooked meal
I want my iPhone 8 Plus back.
Face Fat A|H
I Need Tht Same Energy Towards My Ass
Bestfriend where are youuuuu ?
Ok , later can update if the tix still available
Got to Tesco and it was closed completely forgot what day it was
i just want a bond . never fold
Why am I like this
Trevante is like so fine to me ohmygawd
i shoulda of wore a jacket or something last night , i can feel myself getting sick
Fuck! As if Twitter wasn't bad enough today now I'll have to suffer through Twitter.
I quit smoking but def a this year. tradition
Omm! He really
Fast forward to december i wait for this term to be over
I love taking showers
3 days back into some strength training and safe so say that every muscle is feeling it well maybe except for one
His dumbass decided to tear up a bag of rat poison at my moms
omg wtfff i just followed ur new one rn i know
Slept right through that earthquake
Suncity goes fucking nuts
next crip tripping she getting socked
I got some habanero jack cheese
omg u guys r the cutest
posh was so head of her time
fed up of being ill when got time off work
this the truth accurate
talking about want a spooky basket well I want a thanksgiving and Christmas basket with all my favorite little things
My feet hurt so bad
I got Subway but I want Popeyes
I need to get the strength to get up n finish my laundry
you know I was gone start cracking up yo tone started getting stronger tho
- so hard 2 leave ( ]
after 6 almost 7 years my ass is soooo mf clingy
I was honestly shocked
no my mom out here praying i get pregnant why tf would she want that
can you imagine ... an acoustic version of sweet lie
Get a job I gotta go in at 10 actually
My cousin keep saying crazy i think so
This headache need to break so I can sleep
freshly shaved everything & freshly washed hair that shower was love
2019 is my year!!!! hopefully everything falls in place
found zero fits for Vallarta and zero for mex in dec these stores are all ass
I have a knot on my back, I feel it, I keep rolling a ball on my back and still there
Back on my Keto diet tomorrow
Omgggg so bummed I have to miss this
My ribs hurt
I want sum cookie cake
Things need to get better soon
can girls stop being so fine before I turn gay
I plan on buying one, but that makes it hard
I need my hair done trying to hold off until my trip.
Girl stressed and on an emotional roller coaster every week I love it
This made me tear up a bit
But I just born that way
Every time to speak I hit the mute button
what an amazing man. I'm thankful every day because his parents gave him to us as a gift (same
Lawd pulling out winter clothes and need to throw the whole bin away I fit NONE OF THIS SHIT PIGGY
Currently starving like fuck
Shit sucks right now
Ready for babe to get off work so I can hear his voice
me: minding my business & trying to cut meat out of my diet
woman in my uber pool: smelling like straight chuleta
I need my boyfriend to get off so I can be babied He always make me feel better lol
Damn I was gonna watch it.. Now I'm having second thoughts
I have to be up at 07:35am but I don't wanna sleep yet
IM NOT READY
What did I miss
Why I sleep? I have work at 6
back to convey tomorrow
Why do I keep forgetting to get mushrooms
I want all Nike gear for this fall
just trying to bond with over almond milk
Trying not to eat all of my candy from my spooky basket is such a struggle
I wanna stop using cash app so bad just so convenient
Wow soccer buddy love
I hate scary movies!
Like if they know someone daughters hair better than her own mother
I'd kill to have your figure
My stomach hurt
tried of playing with shorty
be Forever in my heart
Come on Joe.
Made some bomb ass aguachiles
dis moi stppp le titre de la chanson c trop dla d
ima horrible texter, but I swear I be doing it on purpose
after reading the detailed oor concert report, I'm now seriously dying to know what the orchestral arrangement of each song sounded like
Bruh facts
I know she be matching her outfits with them fits be poppin
scared to get fake ones
Someone give us some advice cause 8 weeks away from having 2 under 2
Just going to drown myself in chocolate.
If I could SUPER-retweet this, I would
I hope by the time I get off all these people not still by my house
Gotta work extra hard when I get back in the gym since I missed a week
g I fucking live for it
Bumping 50 make me wanna back out this assault rifle on a nigga
I always wanted another child but I want my son to feel like I have favoritisms if I happen to have a daughter
starting to get cold outside and i like it at all
why nobody tell me it was cold like this outside already
Was with my baby for the weekend need this every day .
having some bad chest pains
Wish I Could Face One 2 More Monthssss
When I discovered Summer Walker I been a fan
i feel like every one living their best sunday life on insta!
johnny... if you accept it, id like to say youre like, really pretty
Now I want Olive Garden
so shy that sick
I rather die than do both
Agreed. Everything is blurry after the snap
OMG so cute and tiny
wow you do hate cutlery what did forks ever do to you
okay, first jaemin. then mark. then jaehyun. and NOW YUTA WHY ARE WE DOING THIS
wait to get my new glasses this week
My body is ready
need to get 16gb of ram sooner
My Turkey wings I made tonight was salty
Gotta register for my classes tmrw
Right fall took a back seat & winter got straight to the point lmao
Swear I was thinking this too, I woke up big af today
Yess those runs ugh so pretty
I think in love
Where can I get this?
Ok sooo. Halloween finna be over and I still done anything to get in the spirit who tryna do something spooky ?
Horny Asf
Thank you
Intelligence is a curse and a blessing at the same time
The weekend went by fast
When I go to dollar looking like crap that's when I run into people that I want to impress BRRRUUUUHHH
I can hear that Gif
Why do people always say I play games
you fall in love with yourself because,
someday gonna be the only one got
MAAAN
Also, sadly Mother India closed
what going down with and the best feeling fr
I love slides always prefer them to any other shoe
so tired
Miss my niece with everything in me
I be so hurt
mucho Netflix
when ci already know which prcp ward we will be posted to
The world is such a terrible place to live right now !!! I wish a meteor would just demolish the and start
Watched SpiderMan 3 on Netflix and so glad Toby Maguire is not spidey anymore...sooo bad
Clean sheets fresh out of the dryer >
Ay Neoly... Neoly...
Sheets are so expensive though
I wish I could support myself and my appearance the way I do other females I always feel so gross about myself
mf tied glad off tomorrow
UNBOTHERED. Is my permanent mood
3.7 is the one everyone strives for at my school since needed to get into grad school but at
I want something sweet
They all so far
For someone who really enjoys salads, tonight was the first time eaten one in probably a good 4 months.
barely 7:32 and so exhausted
Why Francisco why?
side profile is so strong and powerful! Like when I was watching the UN behind video I almost felt intimidated
i mean they usually have a stop on the opponents first possession
Cyber Crime has done more good for the youths than the government.
So I can go be with my mama
Watching Greys does seriously make me feel to be a damn doctor yes that and the Good Doctor and The Resident like bro
Mayghad what happened to jaja mayghad heal him Lord
Part 2 is coming and I want them to take long!
I have a very realistic fear that be too busy with work to complete my annual reread of V for Vendetta
Anita Baker is going to be in Chicago Nov. 26th, I have to go
Dirty shoes make me uncomfortable
Someone hang out with me
Bad week for my Ohio teams
Cavs go 0-3 for the week
Ohio State loses to Purdue
Browns lose in OT by a FG
FML
At this point ... im pretty sure im gunna end up with someone im not overtly attracted too...
IF YOU LIKE VELVEETA MAC AND CHEESE YOU UGLY
Went pushing cows today with my suga it was my last ride for a couple of months and i so upset
Who invented leg day
Yeah me to!!
So I can go back with my mans
in a real lovey dovey mood today I know why
This guys is actually real? Is was hoping it was a fake account with the shit he says
I want ice cream so bad
I seriously wait til I find my other half and love them for the rest of my life
Wow I'm getting g a headache with these two I guess my head is going to explode on election night the stakes are so high
lit rn
Sameee, whew chile the lies that we told ourselves
Gastric ke ni. Come on
oysters w hot sauce & crackers would be so lovely rn
Definitely in need of a new stove
Cannot sleep for the life of me
i want some fair food.
I freaking miss this school man
Beauty and the Beast Why???
Do some squats to push her off already
Who son is out here eating Pussy like this asking for myself
Ok just checked some google pics, it looks peng you win, and nope I been
I really need to stop playing and take my test
Wanna go to submarine crab real Soon
I stay ordering off
GOOOOOO OFFFFF SIS MAKE HIM GIVE YOU HEAD TILL HIS NECK GET A CRUCK YEASSSS
I guess I can turn up with my cousins at LIVE OAk#K tonight I turn up with my people in a min
I know
I need some whipped cream but I leave the house
so ready to get this sleeve finished
my hair is too long & thick. I gotta cut it shorter.
walked outside & that wind bout blew my ass away. cold out there
Yessss baby I did I did
RT Alex143637: omg this is too cute
summer walker makes the ultimate make up sex music
I need more red beans and rice. I have no red beans and rice.
At I fell asleep talking bout a nap why just waking up ?
POR DIOS bassssta
Girl, just seeing this!! catch the rerun
Going thru some of my old tweets
I give up on my outfit for Drake.
Need my hometown barber badly this shit right
I miss my kids been watching videos of Sully and Dezi to get me by.
I tell I love her like every five seconds
I need friends who are down to run a marathon with me
Or the baby
Hollin yasss Heavenly got time
I just want some cheesy stuffed crust pizza from Pizza Hut with some wings
I got so many more tho
been buying so much stuff lately idk how to stop
Thanks
NEED see him
She asked ANYBODY
i want something sweet
Husband leaves to Kansas tomorrow
Stupid red
My joints go out more than I do. My hands are so bruised for playing video games
bout to watch cartoons!!!!
I was in the ER with my 6 year old daughter Arabella last from 1am until after 5am.She has a rash from knees
I only want kids if they are that cute
sorry man. i just be feeling like texting back sometimes antisocial asf and not me bragging about it...
Definitely felt this shit bruh
she's a hero "fuck around & cheat on me Ima make you dress like the how you are" I'm taking notes
Lol this is the type of nigga to play kill me off a nuke
I smell so good I love this new bath & body works lotion trying out !
crying
I took a muscle relaxer like 2 hours ago and at these peoples restaurant about to lie down on the table.
Did anyone else cry watching or that was just me
Who ready to see these I have 2 in the making upload pics tomorrow
I gotta stop eating bs that I know will hurt my stomach
EatNutritious: RT Alex143637: omg this is too cute
And it's go time! I just wish I stay up all night and stay home to watch it all!
I wish I was basketball stats Niggas be excited af to see those
I love that song!
Send me that colored version please
I can't wait to get my hair done though cause baby this heaaaad here !
I love my daughter but bad as hell
Man listen ... trynna receive mouf and give neck to 1 nigga for the rest of my life... is that too much to ask
My throat is fucked up, my voice is barely here
Somebody on military hwy read these folks backing up in the middle of the street
Ugh kill to go! just so much money
lmao bc I got $260 today been feelin so greedy and I just wanna drained someone completely
I still aint delete the thread
a whole weekend with Mia though
I really want to win
exhausted. I just need one more day
Suucccchhhhh a good weekend.
already going home to go to bed. lol i did my sunday funday already.
My cat got out sometime yesterday and come home. Honestly more heart broken over him missing than I was over my last breakup..
All this talk about preference has put me in a mood
When spotify no more premium forgot to change bank account
Definitely The first one
Bought 3 items at Sam's and spent $33
ready for bed.
Colt is definitely a serial killer vibe
drinking without is not the same as drinking w him.... come back drinking partner
Then he said, look good, you smell good & you taste get me out this car. Lol
I know thing: celebrating that W(yeah, I'm a little salty), DAMN, I wish Alex Smith wasn't with y'all
So freaking cute I was getting on an elevator yesterday and this little boy had pizza on his shirt
Can I just have body?
Going to all you can eat and trying to stay awake after a full meal
It huuuuurts
Lol bitches used to my shit now they in your dms lmaooo. Fucking fans
We have no junk food in our house at all & im literally craving junk food
even lie i make it past season 1
i really want a son
Why did I think it was okay to watch 4 episodes in one night
tell me how you do it bro
You GUYS!!! Today was such a good day
I met my coach and girls for the first time and got to
getting ready to go pee on a bed for Such a lovely woman.
The club security line be more thorough than TSA... Gotta go through 3 guys and pay them a dub after you already paid to get in
Unlimited
After that Run......mannn gonna be a long night
The service really helped my attitude but too old for that shit now
Mouth killing me
Oops
trying not to look at it as much as possible
Just food & my hair played in
so over so many things
fuck i look like lettin u trick me off the streets
Me too
I waited till my 6th week.. BOOM GOT PREGNANT AGAIN. WAIT YOUR 6 WEEKS SIS
broooooo this would break my heart. wild out on him.
Really goes to show how hoes be watching and wanting what you got pathetic peon
Tyisha mom about to give me a lecture. I know in trouble
My back
I miss shelis every time I leave
I been to work in forever it feels like. So I really feel like this night shift
I even know that a penis had a secret pocket like that lol twitter is on another level
I want to have a Seafood fest for thanksgiving
so tired finally going home
Some job had setting my alarm with Siri Why can she not understand scottish
Mosquitos attacked the f* outta my skin this weekend
Oh Appreciate it the help!
i had too much wine earlier at my co-workers sip & shop event. now home trying to recover.
ready for bed
My bed is calling my name
Why I gotta be in my feelings uhh
right up the street from Tech . this shit is so ridiculous !
Omfg I in the airport scrolling and porn on the tl
I love they bracelets and I got two rings from there!! But they be doing deals tho , if you spend
Crazy last year we went on sweetest day as strictly friends on some bored shit now look at us
How am I gonna carry her ass for 9 months and raises her primarily on my own for her to LOOK and ACT like the mf. THIS AINT RIGHTTTTT.
The way I just hollered!!!!!
update: I had to purchase two tires. sad is not the word
y'all GOTTA stop running over squirrels foreal
so ready to get my own place
I miss wearing scrubs
I deactivated it and it goes away for good after 30 days
HeaIthyTips: RT Alex143637: omg this is too cute
My dad brought ribs do I really wanna be a pescatarian?
Should I try and grow my hair out... always been curious what look like
Wow. Watching the chiefs can feel so surreal sometimes
some of these comments have me weak
Of course they in Ohio
EatNutritious: RT Alex143637: omg this is too cute
I already know your tryout routine was lit happy to see you doing what you love, the best dancer I know
lol i get so easily distracted
Back to work
Currently very pissed at how unable to fall asleep
SMDH I'm so tied of lies I can't wait until this nightmare is over
Lol I swear being short and thick ain't my thing I want to be slim I'm too short my feet legs face just big
doing all this for my Nana & Gma
Had a dream about some lastnight
I needed Baby to be longer it's my soooong! ...this EP been on repeat since Friday
lol really wanna do something fun
I did 15hrs yesterday
Been Ready to play call of duty since I woke up this morning
I hear songs and get addicted . repeat for weeks .
kiss me
Catherine seem so calm during her labor she not gotten the epidural
Deceived Emotions such a banger
wait til Reign bigger so I can take her on a plane
I had no business
come thru with that common sense
I refuse to miss out this year
I thought I was over it but not Over what ???
I loved the weather Texas was giving us today
and the gag is I don't own a manual transmission whip
This is so cute
So tired & in pain with my neck. I just want to sleep!
in distraught we just lost.
I just wanna get home already tired as fuckkkkk
I just wanna know how tall you are
hate being home alone
I hate when my baby cries but him makes the cutest faces
TALK THAT SHIT TRINA a song for Redemption by Trina
i need my upper body massage
I want to post so many pics
so impossible to leave Lex
+ i invited. only this slide because not 2019
Where can I find some really cute comfy sweatsuits ..
Come to Phoenix
oh no i still need to go shopping
Right??!
I want to move to nc now .. lol I know they got nun but girl trying to go Go .. I hate living here now man
my stomach been hurting all day
Ladies if you never been dick whipped then you living right
Im saying! That's long asf
I just want a bih to lay up w and watch scary movies
missed so much V lives omg I needa manage my time schedule
I got off of work early today thank God
Halloween was good and that ending had me shook Laurie and her family did Michael dirty with a capital D lmao
Swearrrr one day though lol chilling atm
Restless legs! sleep
You stressing too sis?
Craving this rn
smiling cause I knew I was gonna see you later
lol you and pizza me and cowboy stuff everything
I really want to go to a pumpkin patch!
Jesus . Do it for me
Need to study....do not want to tho
me neither
My homegirl use to kill this shit LMAO just one that matches her outfit tho
fairy tales type shit.
Somebody have me a baby
really really tryna go half if i come home to this imma be upset lol
make him send the money and block him. get on your game sis
Ouuu cold
I WOULD DIE TO HAVE A SKIN TONE THAT LOOKED GOOD WITH BLONDE HAIR
While my food cooking I might as well go take my bath cause after I eat going to bed
Praying this is a sick joke.
To have my granny back
Nah if i spend money on you i love you , bc i swear i hate spending my own money & my greedy ass sharing
We all need to get our hearing checked
Pretty busy! how about yours?
I gotta finish snowfall first
How much longer on that arm chief
Rice socks are a godsend
Imma chill with my OnE FrIeNd
love u but can u just not for the sake of my fantasy team
Lyrica said it best
Make love to your thoughts
I can fix that
be quick to ask for advice and never want the truth
Finally off
Howie we need you not now but right now my dude
so full but still tryna eat...
I had one in a while
U know i got a giiiiirllllll
Scoozi came up in my snap memories and i literally used to eat form scoozi all the time, there steak tip dinners was fire
Just keep telling myself to be strong but DAMN
Im addicted
$30 RT $20 only get me half a tank
I wish my legs could be shaking right now
I couldddddd but take forever, not good at binge watching
I live for KPop indie playlists
Time to bring out my personal heater
man g, and gone be the only con keeping that shit up a mf. I feel like be pretty though.
Yea i want a windbreaker & some thick long socks
Just ate too fast and made myself sick
Same
so tired I wanna go to work tomorrow
I really love she gives me goosebumps
This just to much at one time lawd
Why am I so tired?!
My stomach not as flat as it use to be at all
I'm still tryna get there .
I cannot wait to be in my bed
nothing like buying myself fluffy socks and making halloween cookies alone
Why we have a team like Kansas City?
They found his racist tweets from 1990 something
you the only one
Stress really getting to me my face breaking out
You better step it up
You bitches are weird how you like me but still follow me on every social media
He so cute man
Not an ounce of sleep in my tonight. Work is Gunna be long as hell tomorrow
EPISODE : Top Self-Publishing Mistakes | Special Course Announcements : via
yes, go this weekend!
tired asf
When the one person you want and need is no where near you
Black men are so beautiful Like y'all really are just absolutely amazing
Ever since 2013 thank you
Really just need someone to do fall festivities with always been my favorite part about October
do just about anything for sushi rn
I REALLY WANT SOME CANES SOMEONE BRING ME SOME & MY LIL SISTER
always sick and im over it
My feet and back hurt.
I'm exhausted
Thanks would of waste my time
The littlest shit be irritatin me the most
Bruh I even. Smh
I believe the last time I soaked in the bath was well over 8 months ago maybe even more.
ughhhhh, change your life x Christopher Martin is such a vibe
Is anybody else looking forward to the beginning of the year I need my new bank of personal leave and vacation DAMN
I knew i should have cooked today
I want some seafood
Wanna go lighter for my bday but decide if I wanna dye my hair or not. I talk too much shit about wigs to do that so stumped
I tried to rt that with a comment but twitter wouldn't send it
watched this movie on Netflix like 8 times
I had pasta in over two weeks
Wishful thinking
Idk how I feel about this 613
Come see them for yourself
going on with brother nature I been at work all day
The little girl is the sweetest ever
Is this David n Annie all over again
UR SO FUCKING BEAUTIFUL FOR GOD SAKE I
Y'all, i really didn't win the lottery & gotta go to work tomorrow
so excited to start my new job and have my weekends back after 2 and half years
just now getting home
a second yr guy man. Jit suppose to be this raw
Like He Actually Took The Time To Express His Feelings And Write It Down
I love Cecelia so much Shes literally my soulmate in friend form idk what id do without her , she deff has a big chunk of my
Por favooor
Right I guess they just wanted to be insta famous and in the beginning the account actually got loads of barbs
So when you lose your feet
Purest thing ever seen
When I go to the dollar looking like crap that's when I run into people that I want to impress BRRRUUUUHHH. I honestly hate myself.
ehs really needs a big and girls lacrosse team
Idk bout sleep its too early for all that
I put my order in at 7:21pm
me too
I just want my bed i missed it last night
hey there delilah
what's it like in new york city
\
|| \_
juss wanna be messy
This toothache gotta nigga feeling bad
i love accents especially deep southern ones. whew
She so damn bad Jessica
Texas is where at
Women catch feelings entirely too fast
Flightless bird
not prepared for it to get any colder then it already is
honoured to be interacting with a famous clikki
This is just so cute
going to bed early exam at 8 am.
I had to double take I swore it was Candace Owens.
Blunt me pleasss .
I love energy
ehs really needs a girls and boys lacrosse team
Never open my msgr and fb, i have to catch up what's going on here on twtr been missing for oneday.
I Want Some Grapes
my mother made endless food that shit was torch
$1200 for a moncler jacket
i WAIT for my mans birthday i got him the best birthday gifts ugh
Every time Kareem Hunt reminds me of how good he is AND that a Chiefs player, it leaves me hopeless fr
this fina be a long drive from Atlanta
cmon guys help me out
i dream about their fried bologna
you are honestly giving me a breathing problems
this lifestyle keep playing in my head man hopefully all this shit turn out right
can you help me with precalc
a homebody I really like to go out fr
would love dinner tonight
I told my mama this
Everything in my life has been temporary, but baby promise me you not temporary.. ion want you to be temporary
I was so damn sleepy after Texas Roadhouse
This henny got me risky
Alih alih Gryffinpuff, rupanya aku Ravendor. I'm having an identity crisis
who wants it that way
okay im gonna stay away from twitter until after my paper THE THEORIES MY QUARTER BRAINCELL CANT TAKE IT
My kid has a fifth grade social studies test which means I have a fifth grade social studies test.
First video intro
Gotta plan a trip here soon af
I get this image out of my head!!!
wait till I get my hair done this weekend been long overdue
my problem gonna be big is shit
My stomach is KILLING KILLING me
He posted an ad . Things are really bad
so much work to do, yet I procrastinate so much
Geico supposed to save you money and you droppin over $300 a month
Super hectic weeks...
I really needs vacation right after all these shits pass.
I stop watchin it
i just know roy woods got that toxic dick
having the hardest time choosing my hair style please help me
Ready to be laid in my bed
I want some inches
Yo Trey Anticipation album was really it
You wanna be Mexican so bad You dance either so quit trynna front why u so maddddd omg
Can my bf come home already
Just spent 3 hours deep cleaning my whole house
im tryna beat somebody daughter back in
Once you start using Chapstick you really stop
Monday again
I need to take a trip to Texas soon it looks so beautiful out there
I found the cutest diaper bag & it matches the car seat perfectly
right
Had the Grill earlier now fin get sum. Taco Bell.
Breaking in Converse <
My pinky toe needs crutches
ready to go home
A few hrs and burns later and I'm finished! Wow what a mission!
Homework for the rest of the night because i waited until the last possible moment
be honored to have you sitting on my face let me make you cum, cook dinner afterwards
really freezing out here
I refuse to believe in this brother nature scandal
our cast/show is So powerful imagine getting ppl That mad for them to make hate accounts & trend something every week
No me traten a Neoly
Tay always wasting my money that I have
Music period currently bumping now before bed
It feels so late already
not close to the Rogers centre, beautiful there though
lizzo the baddest bitch
Not feeling well at all
Jesus
Sooo my little 6 yr old brother is singing Drakes In my feelings song
I love this man
I fr love this girl
tweaking to go to one
Have you seen Harry Potter parody musicals? really funny
I Need To Go To The ER Frfr
I need to just go for it I just be afraid to fail
ITS MY 21st BIRTHDAY I had sooo much fun lastnight I forgot to take pictures so what
I keep on a long sleeve and comfy pants and socks, with a blanket over me and still frozen
been shouting this for the longest!
working on it
miss them
Need to be sleep in a hour ...but I really see that happening
right
ngl i been craving chocolate all week & ..
I love olive gardens chicken parmigiana
Bad haha
almost done with this work
omg i've been dying for that place
Ughh he need to hurry up and get off
Mfs really out here on a kidnapping spree . Keep an eye on the women in lives
That sound so good thanksgiving me already
My throat hurts
Dear migraine, I hate you. Please leave.
Man, you just spoke some truth! But they get it though
teeth are destroying me I feel as bad as the first two weeks
afrobeats r so fun
My phone has been frozen for almost a hour
Please come get your cousin!
I have less than a hour to get ready
Dc was lit but cold afffff
Me either man! I hate it
Lmao you know this person. used to be close
too kind
got tattoo and piercing fever bad
coat too
My mother cooked wait to get home
I wish I could write
Why must Day 1 be on a Monday
Home
Netflix is fucking up
Stephen is a blessing that I deserve but damn am I lucky
I don't have permanent fc tho
Uwu sehyunie > 3 <
To all the people that got a chance to see their name on the Senior walk back in Faye a little jealous
I agree I get paid until Thursday ahaha
ready
Can find me one too
juice voice in yacht club >>>>>>>>>
Glad off for the next two days
This movie scary to me
Dvsn did something with the way Try goes into to Effortless
I watched the short on YouTube & now sitting in my bed crying over a stupid cartoon duck
gotta post a new one bcs i left out an emoji
Sunday night blues is real do i hate my job or am i just plain lazy?
not for us...agian
Boy, stop teasing us
Boy stop teasing
I Forgot All About This Parent Teacher Conference Tomorrow
Someone should make a bronze account and get to >500 with meeeeeeee
Such a teaseeeeee
1st Neymar and now Arthur
It be hard as shit to watch football after the ravens lose
OH MY ! Thank god
Was it today? I know they even had a pride
yes. I had someone tell me what she likes and her skin type, but he know what to get.
170
The world is not ready Mr. King Namjoon
Always a tease I can't wait
This shit brazy
In n out is good don't get me wrong but it's not good enough for the line that they have
Panera put cilantro on my sandwich
I lost so much money today
And all I can do is sleep
I'm. . . Breathing!
He really teasing us
went to homecoming and broke her shoulder
I feel a hand bag and bag bag coming on every time I start to feel really sad I get a bag and a bag
Hurry uppppp hyperventilating here
really soft ready to bring a whole baby into the world bc their giggles just melt me.
Sit back down where you belong in the corner of my bar with your high heels on
So what now? What's your plan?
Wish I was at this game tonight
Literally What I Miss The Most
who wanna facetime me?
keep teasing us
Can you guys please rt my pinned tweet I just want you guys to be safe
Wishing I lived in a mansion big enough for me and my best friends to throw the best parties and be neighbors with
These kids know how to act in public
I get rid of my dog tomorrow and really debating on telling the family nevermind
A real man done it like that! we some music ASAP!!!
I wait to get my hair done
I had to push 0 for the Bitch just now
When ya mans came to you with one already
my ear hurtsssss
yeah love it to not snow for 6 months a year but i know still be depressed if i moved to florida
Definitely going home this weekend coming up i been on this campus to long
brother!! im praying you okay i keep calling you but u not answering u never NOT answer smh I love you
WHY ARE YOU SUCH A TEASE JOONIE?!? So not fair... *pouts*
This is definitely me when hoes thank you have hair, cause you be wearing Sew ins
I started missing Joon hours and called this UNNECESSARY TEASING into existence
I got invited to my first thanksgiving
i cant do that without erasing every single word because all my shit comes out wack
I was spazzing this morning no nigga can ever get me like that again
I miss having him on my fantasy
im so excited
the most beautiful family in the world
missing this Bahari so much
This part doesn't appear, idk why
got me cracking up today
sleepy going to bed early
I does consider this everyday but 5 mins into it his hair like a fricking lint trap
This cold weather be doing my skin dirty
I need someone to rub my back
literally so hyped about forever rain, moonchild and badbye
While Ron is being Don You have to bring facts this is CNN not FOX
Oh I'm short of ideas...I don't know what to out as a to my or
ugh
Them faces
...
How I feel every Sunday, awful it
Tryna get out this bed to go get food
been craving tamales and ceviche for like 2 weeks and so stressed I might actually cry
ready for my inches
DeSantis hates Tallahassee, apparently.
Bruhhhhhh can I not be sick for once
Almost 8pm and tired as hell
I know eei I can walk around the whole day and not even feel hungry?
I'm real life crazy I need help my attitude so fucked up
So ready to get off
I wanna go to work tomorrow.
Aku bingung
Everyone was so focused on my guest last night... nobody really tried to stop my drinking? Wtf
definitely paying for it today.
I want some crab legs
this weekend was funnnn
even imagine all the work ima get at school tomorrow for missing almost all last week
I ate all day
someone come help me finish this banana pudding cheesecake
Why is binge watching a show whilst living at home so hARD!?
When will you been in Jeff
STOP TEASING US, JOONIE. ALL EXCITED
My brother just went in on part 2 of his sermon
JT is the cutest pro dancer he thinks he soo grownnn
Brazil choice is between Satan and Devil
Not James Arthur
Lael acting crazy and making me sick
No fast food til next year
Neeeeed this case
Really gonna regret that nap I took when bedtime comes around
Girl one of the things looking forward to getting rid of the most
Cleaned, Washed & Made Sunday Dinner, now too tired to make a cake
Yeeeessssss honestly all I need in life is Nam Joons music in my ears and be fine
I really want some pot roast w/ carrots and potatoes , cabbage , greens and some dinner rolls or biscuits
Sorry 'coz im the one who breaks y' heart
stop teasing, we barely have time to get ready but... I'M SO EXCITED
Been craving this shit for a while bro
Really want some
It all depends on perspective I guess
i love this family so much
Let me take my ass to bed. Gotta be up at 5am.. almost 3
A nurse since I work that day
I feel like the baddest bitch when I come out of the barbershop
A hangover at 26 IS NOT like a hangover at 19. Why can I never learn my lesson when tequila comes into play?!
I want tacos and Thai and Chinese food.
my brother and his gf so cute they can definitely count on me to be the flower girl at their wedding
Na think we just suppose to ride around all day mama we have reached our destination and gas cost boo.
someone please give me sopas
I need my hair done
Lol no! I see the people you have in those tournaments no. lose
she been my baby
The entire muhfkn MENU bihh
The second one with that ring? YES.
missed his mommy.
Anyone else watch want to dress Tsubasa Sato up in girly clothes because same
This back pain came outta nowhere
the fact that justin and corey used to hang out together back in 2015 can they just do it again?
If I ever look this fuckin happy bro
Craving so many different things right now
I hate how bubba works during the week because I wanna go to my appointment alone tomorrow morning
My boy fish died today mind u he won it yesterday!
I need a bowl
I just be needing a massage i wait till i get paid so i can start taking care of myself
Stop teasing
I wait to here it
it really amazes me how everything just begins to come together
I have no friend to call when im feeling down
I need a run soon too
When it gets too overwhelming I have to
I have the wrong ppl my love wish I could take it back
Soo horny tonight
mom is a sweet heart, I hate seeing her hurt
Why must you do this to me?
so damn mean. excited
so then you can look good wearing jumpsuits sis appreciate urself!
thinking about changing my baby daycare i really want to but whatever
Off to West Texas for 3weeks
my mind
Dvsn did something with the way Try goes into Effortless
I wish I had friends in Florida that Orlando night life is amazinggggg
Imma stop being scared and get my nipples pierced
alright let me stop playing & knock out some work
I really wait for my non traditional thanksgiving this year
Mami stretching those shorts
Wisconsin out of all places
Ready to eat and sleep
is this the only pic there is..it was so hard to search for one
I should be able to sleep through the whole night now , I been up since 8 something this morning
Dreams
I have to go to Carnival one day
she keeps making everything seem like a photoshoot, what a queen
On me
Enjoyed My Day Off Back To This Bs Tomorrow
The Starbucks at Marengo is always so slow
I want some chocolate cake
Almost home
This that phone died because too weather.
My baby turns 4 months tomorrow
In tmi news... my uterus hurts
I gave the wrong ppl my love wish I could take it back
I thought this was a right of passage for being a girl?
We will NEVER EVER see that clip
I eat shortening
it feels amazing outside
im ready to go back to school
Oh I know
I want cinnamon toast from ihop
I was 159 in January. Now 181.
I just wanna find a girl I can hold and kiss like this. If this love, idk what is!
LOL me now what do you meannn
I wish my mom and sister would come down here
The advantages of being you is that you listen to the songs first
you
1.5 hours left of this 8 hr 20 min flight.
It's hard out here for Pi....Mom.
Need some food
ate Mexican all weekend
Can we have jealous ian and not jealous mickey for once, fuck
That jar sauce is nasty in comparison to scratch
Can we get the songs name tho
Thanks my dear
I want a baby so bad. Where is my future husband at
I really left my keys at work now I have to go back
so cold at work wow
Fooood, going to the gym and then more foooood (: Vegas has so many great options
Not ready for this week
The natural.. red on red.. navy on navy.. royal.. classic grey and red all fire
I woke up so cold.
I traveled so hot!
This may have been the longest week of my life
going to carve a pumpkin next week and I decide what to do. Help!
I know I can even walk around and not feel hungry
Can we just skip too the part in my life where rich & living life worry free?
when you say to someone not from RI and not from here so they look at you weird
Heavenly and that laugh
Watching & my heart is literally fluttering with the look in & I
so gorgeous and I know how to talk to you bc your dms open and you follow me but sis
i do NOT fw this thunder
Girl i feel you
Been there before
I thought jhope was safe but this kinda intimidating
I was a rapper in my past life ok.
They most of the times don't work
it be that way sometimes
so upset that i seen Halloween yet.
Same not leaving tho
I had a phone at the age of 10 and I still have the same number 15 years later.
My little girl is DOING SUMMER SALTS IN MY TUMMY PLEASE RELAX
I just wanna find a girl I can hold and kiss like this. If this love, idk what is!
ur eyebrows look so nice
~Ima regret this but help me out on what color I should dye my hair
These ppl are nuts stay old n single before doing the shit they be doing idc. These stories never end well
Why does pregnancy make your skin so dry and itchy
Just tired bout to have a long day tomorrow
I think bae sleep I kno he was irritated 2day smh
They even really gotta know abt us
I just finished my evidence based practice class... it was nothing but research papers I feel ya!
I'm really jealous that you can watch SG here is still only the first season available
a struggling commitment
Currently listening to set list for concert for nostalgia
I eat canes tooo much
Keep our business to ourself, the internet do no help
I would literally harm someone's life over my kids ! I WILL CATCH A CASE on god if anyone ever put hands on my children
I really wish I requested tomorrow off not in the mooood
We deserve so perfect.
Just lying down and feeling dizzy as hell. Room spinning. What is wrong with me of late?!
Ah the worst
My mom will never stop lol
Dont make me cry.
really excited about this which means all gonna die!
Talking on the phone for hours
when you say to someone not from RI so they look at you weird
so velvety and nice like bathing in caramel or sumthin
Okay but stop teasing me like that
I thought ur name was ur reply like wtf but still WTF
The best part of getting new pants is cutting open the pockets
already over tomorrow
Definitely he is a Dannie probably something like dabdaniel
This shower about to take
Twitter doesn't give me enough characters
i'm always afraid this elevator does some wild heck with me in it
In desperate need of a back rub
I believe our president is teasing us like this all ever done is put my love, trust, and respect
waitttt
Jacksonville please be good to me
I've been watching Riverdale since I opened my eyes this morning
Event done
Moved here changed my whole life up for 4 hours of a major event! Put in 5 months with for 4 hours!
high asf
quick to say Satan
but be scared to throw the trash out at night
Watching Them Go 6ft Under
You really value sleep as you get older
Mariah has me hollering!
There's something about Vertigo that just gets me every time! So good We truly don't deserve your talent
Jr just tried to charge me $20 to fix me some noodles
I hate going out with my phone dying
Fresh washed bed covers & sheets .. steadily from out the dryer with a little heat still on it
but I already miss u??
I change my sew ins so much mfs would think i wear em
sweetie they irritates me , always wanting to go places and I never wanna be bothered
so damn cute
I need to write some music
I can't until decide which one I'll do first - Thai Yoga Massage Course or 300H Advanced Yoga Teacher Training
i cook everyday but i taking out no trash
Kizomba always has me feeling some type of way
waiting for the day I can bring my lil doberman baby home
omg lmao. we seeee you girl. we be and wtf why we there tho?!
believe the cowboys lost
I really love Mac Miller yo no artist makes me feel like their passionately talking to me imu bae
Hate being sad..!! But actually the story of my life
A back and butt rub combo would be life right now so tired and my back is in so much pain
wrong with tt.?
She makes this fever worse
This made me weep
I honestly thought Stats was Tuesday
Can she suck me up next
OMFG this nigga really bought me black ops 4 wtf. spooked
I have a girl crush and been boosting me up lately
just call it a night
the gym
gotta stop tweeting like this
I wanna do cute stuff for the Holidays coming up bake cookies, matching pajamas, watch movies, order food & just be cuddled up
i betttt talk to your wife girl and pretty sure have a cute lil baby in no time
Boy stop teasing but my body is ready
Leave my alone shaka kims friend not her manager or anything
Sadly had to jet out of the early and missed the goal but thanks to a quick flight
so pretty mesmerizing
I need a Boyfriend like this
Monday na Monday pero wala ako sa mood.
Not enough sleep and no breakfast. Just a cup of coffee.
wait
same minus the brunch
Sipping on this wine til I fall asleep
wow I didn't see this coming big congrats !!
Made chicken and waffles with some of these seared potatoes im so full
gone have to tomorrow before he get in from school!
been in the bed since I got home from work.. tired af!
Mad I updated my phone
Work
Back to waking up early tomorrow.
I want some curry chicken, rice and dumplings
Where are you finding these people
GFUEL Tower I definitely have enough
Nooo that's just unfair I don't usually go over the limit unless I'm without WiFi for like a
That smile via
is it weird that I already got my kids names picked out
Idk when im going to get a fill, I feel like been so busy
A dude will have a whole girlfriend trying to kick it with a whole another female then post a picture of him and his girlfriend
This the kinda energy a real hardworking bredda needs
Nope not yet
Shit I wasn't ready. I needa new wig too
FRONTALLL TECHNIQUE NOW TAKING APPOINMENTSLadiesss , LET ME SLAY are unbeatable shop
the one thing i do miss about Atlanta is a bomb ass salon with cheap prices. hair and nails
oH.. my heart..
Wooow a classic I use to ride 8 deep in a five seater Altima with just bumping
i need to change water and feed him oi
This
Manuka honey is amazing for the face
my tiny parents
Am I too late?
why is editing so hard
50 cent wild for talking about Ashanti like that
&& also taking care of a toddler tireddtttt bruh
bet badbye will wreck me
Fixed my phone
we find love or blessed by daniel ceaser
never been so ready to go home, today was not a good day
My pussy so good I say my own name during sex. me & the nigga wears Jaiylah outttt
Like as if I don't have enough things to think about & now Mono is the only thing I can think about
Fine.
always loved him.
Nooooooooo Bose por la csm!!!!
tired is not even the word rn
Huh i wanna go to work tomorrow
No East Coast
This Bobby Brown movie long AF
Fuck it ima get my Haitian back
vhope au
god i remember reading this ages ago
why am i so lucky?
Wallaye Isma vrai a marre
Free JT
Stan by 6lack
He shady as hell living for it!
Today i started looking in to taking my PE exam early & the mere thought of it made me feel like i got sucker punched in the gut
Damn I fell asleep so hard that I just woke up thinking it was the next day
Everybody out here trying to win the mega millions and I just want a free 10 to 100 grand not greedy
So glad to see not the only one that sit & watch asmr videos
I know how to feel, periodddt.
This works by maxwell
RIP to my favorite backpack. My kitten just at through the straps
All these clothes bout to scream
so good at hiding my feelings until not
halloween town & chill
I need to suck it up and pierce my nipples... it hurt that bad.....right
i hate missing people
Kaleb has been sleeping since 4pm. My poor baby
I know you guys always go without me lol
been putting me to sleep
Finding something to wear is so HARD
I get these fudge bars but I want em
I have to cook brb
Damn cuz time is flying
Mami stretching those shorts via /r/latinas
I just need for it to be Friday already Imma try to be as busy as I can this week to make time fly
yeah but so awks
I have midterms and I had to pull a 39hr work weekend, still not done yet, and I have no idea how going to pull this off
I seriously love living without a roommate but like fuck so much cheaper to have one.
Same cause I hate leaving them alone.
This has been a busy & stressful weekend
The struggle is real everytime they post a selca
Little baby bum over here
I need some online boutiques ASAP
Ok but that Tea tree body wash was everything I needed
That subway just hit a bitch back.
FOR THE REST IF MY LIFE
wrong bae
not lying bitch
Autocorrect!!
Girl. She has no idea.
we not even in the last hours of sunday yet
How Justin tucker you made 223 extra points straight...
so ready to go
A full body massage rn
Damn I gotta work in the morning
Just like 6 tears. I feel this so much
Josh is so picky
I need a waffle maker
wait for this
The girl in the bottom left is summer walker
ASAP!!!! Honey look amazing and the is a hater
I want some candy
read so many more books this year I should have so many recommendations by my mind is blank
Why must my nephew be so cute pics of him be having me ready to hit the highway
We getting up there sis. I was just saying this earlier. 24, I'm still surprised I made it passed 21.
My compadre IS GOING TO A GAME IN BOSTON
Man fr this was meee
My arm hurts
But I want to look/watch them all the time
The Zoo I would love that
Lmfao. Awww tell me that. rooting for him and this damn plan
Went furniture shopping today lol furniture is not cheap
It was too cool to wear my long sleeve off the shoulder top. Had to put on sumn else. I luv it
I need me a nice shower, fat blunt and a beer right now
All this in Texas im on my way
quad need to beat toya ass
this one person I want bout to just shoot my shot
Dude I hear for shit. all clogged & shit
31 weeks and already beginning to have contractions. So annoying. I want to have these off and on for the next 8 or so weeks
wish I had a nigga to wear this lingerie for cause whew chile ..
Manic Monday
okayi saw this again and i dont really wanna cry alone
Seriously gotta figures out what I wanna do to my hair..
I need one
Aw man
Around me
n i be trying
I fxcking suck at math
Red eye corrector I WASNT READY FOR THAT
I feel a baby cold coming,
Just 2 Days here in India! imagine how how close that is. The anticipation is driving us insane.
FUCK I CANT WAIT FOR THE X FACTOR PERFORMANCE
May 17th waiting on you
Omg the thought of the gym tomorrow morning
baby looks like her identical twin.. so cute i want to babysit
the leoooo
Walked in to pre-pay gas on the pump AND PUMPED IT.
Really hoping I pass this exam
That sucks. Also, OW!
weak okayyyyy
Find someone to help you I feel bad for you
I want to go apple picking
Why it this 100% me right now ! managed todo one assignment and then took a nap, meanwhile I got a bunch
My work schedule this week but bayou classic is coming up so imma suck it up
The good sis speaking all facts. Highlight of the live, when she told me l could go Love you sis but l can multitask
FUCK THEM WAVES AT THIS POINT
Hate Taking Pictures But Loc Life
she was so beautiful last night bae
The Summer been ideal since January- Colorado & cruise Feb/March & Haiti somewhere between that
the low hanging flannel w/ the bucket hat ugh i love a man that wears 4 layers
Sd got the nicest weather fr fr
Who let me drink Disaronno lastnight dying rn
Cinnamon toast
I miss babe
Weh nu full house like in an hour je first day screening kan you goin? Btw, you got company to go with tak?
Fr tho
ughhhh I want Chinese
Too perfect
Wait what?!?! where i had my first Awesome Blossom
I been sleep all day HOMECOMING was like that
too nice
I love them
thoroughly enjoyed watching it hopefully I can find another series just as good
I can't wait to hear RM new mixtape! Drop it already, man.
I SWEAR FO GOD!!!!!!
Kensli is finally sleeping I could cry tears of joy
My whole lower body from the waistline down is so sore
Damn we even have football on next Sunday we got stuck with Monday night
fucking cold asf
I feel like my baby is older than what she is
Got an hour
I need some motivation to finish this work
So gorgeous
i can never catch up on my sleep..
i miss you
I for the life of me figure out why I left Indy so late
We sure are and same here to be honest. I never seen myself making it this far. So proud of us both! Love you to pieces!
its coming
My goddaughter loves baby shark...so I now know the song
When you only gotta spend your money on you and no one else
missing my baby sister
cold af outside
also the doctors are actual dicks for not giving me my meds can already feel the difference
I had to close last night, opening shift this morning and mid close today and tomarrow I have a closing shift :| I AM EXHAUSTED
i hit all the spots
I can't wait to hear RM's new mixtape! Drop it already, man.
i really outdo myself completely unnecessary
Gotta keep Vaseline on me all fall/winter my lips are already starting to peel
too nice & that shit burns me in the ass every time
santana has some problematic ass tweets lmao she used to be reckless!! ASHLEY TOO
what in tarnation is going on with lil tay I thought she had gone away
vibed by myself in idk how long
I want some seafood
2 more hours just gotta push thru
I just wanna tell you hard it easy being me
all I do was wash my hair inno then bam I sick
Going to sleep til my phone ring
Everyone not as mature as you are. what went wrong
I miss my real hair
My mouth so reckless idk how malic do it .. i really be tryna work on my anger
also, this is such A MAJOR TURN ON where can i find a man who loves reading books
Washing my hair and actually doing it takes all day
I sleep with clothes on I have to be naked Bra and panties at least
I done missed all my shows this week and i been watching YouTube i been so busy it feel like . I gotta
Facts! I gotta go to NY and find a nice Dominican man California is really blowing me lmao
I said sleep early when I have 9ams. I slept at 9pm and now my body has decided to wake me up
Used to make my parents buy me a box all the time when i was younger
by H.E.R.
craving a seafood boil
I have no business being up at this hour
I love this girl
I miss having a Console
Girls never say they want it girls never say how
These restless nights taking a toll on me
This video made me lose my breath and not the one moving
It even scary I was bored
I wanna go all out for day this year
he makes me the happiest girl in the world i swear
My motha say I spend too much my fatha say I stay wit packages comin to the houz. I help it
so beautiful
So ready to get off work
good styling my friends but never myself I always have effort putting outfits together for my friends but never myself.
All the lit shit to do out here u even record it
Wait I didn't even connect you're dee_dee on IG Love your commentary
Nooooooo... my weekend is coming to an end
Can you move to Louisiana?
I hate being drunk in the house cuz then I just end up drunk tweeting
I dead gained everything I lost before cropover in Miami i lack self control when it comes to Spanish food
I really be jocing & Kay and nee make it no better when bored
This fair jimin
Seriously he got a pistol
omg dont get me started,,,, when is he gonna let his scalp live
I wanna go all out for Valentines day this year
I do not like sweets at all, but now that pregnant i crave it
The back grows so fast and the middle just takes forever so I made the back match everything else
OH MY GODDDDDD I CANT WAIT
is that how I'll feel on Oct 26
Sex before bed be the best sleep ever i swear
And my waistline!
Lmaoo i was caught off guard, imma think about it.
When you add "Furthermore" on your essay...
sis going crazy
Omg Yess
Not even playing BO4 because of adulthood
Dude pissed you were at the wedding last night & I even recognize you.
Woahhhh
I wish Jaylee had a cell phone I would blow her phone up
Thank you! exhausting being this influential
Hopefully the Bobby pin method works
Baked some butter pecan cupcakes today and
I wanna talk to someone in grad school
cold af
Fvcking miss armchair stan twt
im this close to cancelling school already
I need some single friends that are down to go to brunch with me
strawberry lemonade undefeated
I slept in my bed because I be stuck on my couch
Full and sleepy
Yeah yeah. so scared
Man, this heating pad feels so good. so old
My parents & my sibling really left to San Diego without telling me now ima stay home decorating what a fun Sunday
Trying to figure out how to go to school full time. Work full time and travel the world
I want my boyfriend I miss him so much yo understand
lmaoooo he as such thin skin. He blocks everyone.
Although I don't wanna have too much expectations about Seoul and then being disappointed but is just it got HONNE in it im
lol yes we have to be strong
Ok. my bff
my mom is a SAVAGE
Okay but for real can I record a song with
breathe and I get hate. it's hard being me
stuck at home, wishing I can postmates 7/11
I was hoping finals right before then
never had these problems with any of my other roommates. re-ta-go!
I miss my man. Barely even talked to him today and I think he fell asleep on me
I want sum tattoos
why you throw on yo shit.
I wanted to go to the So So Def concert
I been craving something sweet for a week now but I'm trying to stick journey man.
so lucky to live here
Ang sakit beh.
i wanna go to the movies
Now I gotta let it cool off a lil bit
I was just saying thisssssssss vibes for a fact
my wife
Girl yesss
a walking Precautionary Tale right now. My hands have
Burn from edge of a roasting pan (poor handling)
Naps after work be everything
10 fish cakes
Okay, you seriously have the most beautiful teeth!
Do you prefer soft glam or full glam? Soft glam is so gorgeous cachi.tx eye glam looking ffiirree
For
the hate you give was so good
start without me might be a while tho
My 2 in 1 mommy and daddy. blessed.
My chest
cooking baked garlic chicken, fresh spinach and white rice. I wait until the chicken is done, so hungryyyyy.
two shift left in bb im sad i really like working here
RT No
Haunted houses stress me out
hungry she got me in my bag frfr I just grabbed my keys and left
Violet from Fresh Meat and Cigarettes After Sex playing in this Wanderlust show. I love British tv way too much
i love to see people happy
so ready
Carne Asada Tortas at Don Pedro is bomb asf
I want some red beans and rice and cornbread
Race this weekend and rain is in the forecast too old to be in the rain
Wish I had skills like this dayyuummm
Got home and took an hour nap. Much needed
Schedule for this week is soooo decent thank God.
so ready to go home & go to sleep
Oww about to sleep so good
Her sleeve looks really nice
Alotta u niggas belong in the lil hoochie mama club
had my tongue pierced 3times this time keeping it until it close and I can take it out and put it back in as I please
I really hope I do good on this apush test tomorrow I really studied my ass off.
I'm praying that my tan doesn't start to hurt.
Idc what anyone says, so noticeable when people edit and whiten their teeth for pictures
Twitter is no fuckin help, i know some of my followers that smoke live in Baltimore
I miss softball so much
I remember a time in my life where all I read was smut but now I just crave fluff
I lost all the pictures on my phone
i stand when people take medicine back to back like tryna get over this well that it
facetime calls everynight would make ya ass fall in love
I want some spinach dip & chips
my mom
Yes, I feel the same way. I hope 5 is better.
fucking exhausted and all i did was shower today
You want more penalties?
I miss you too
American time zone, I hate you. Of all the races to miss
Oh I guess I haven't fully recovered yet
Monday
Honestly
It work
Wanna delete every picture on here and start over
Warm bodies are great I just used my 6 pillows
At this rate going to drop when at work
I think ever get tired of mac n cheese
thank god my phone died when eddie snapped me
I have been out ALLLLLLL weekend i need one more day off!
It turns my stomach
so cute
say that his dyin wish is to suffocate in tha sleep. her
He for a fact deserved this
2 tests , 4 essays & i have to work tomorrow i hate .
Some whorez I was just there
Some crab legs would hit right now
Lol yeah the one I came to the police shut it down. We want no trouble
I know
Love going to the Dominican, hate what it does to my bank account
I miss my grandma like crazy I definitely wish she was here with me
I know it may not be some of your faults but I really wish you were raised better
Bro Slience is really a fucking hit like thank you
Off the wall got my tired af
Omg I tried they got so bushy
People are so quick to betray nowadays
I booked all my stuff for ATL, now I just need some cool stuff to pack
I love my mama dressing only
Omgggg IU only uses canvas as their platform but good thing anytime a quiz on canvas open book
Fr, have keep them in line
I NEED KAPPAWEEN PRESALES I know somebody has them
i know
gonna be hard sleeping without you !
SEE YOU LATER MY FRIENDS I HOPE YOU ALL HAD A WONDERFUL WEEKEND ME STARTS THE WORK AGAIN I WISH YOU ALL
actually gonna try my hand at desserts this year... not nervous, their just time consuming.
Exactly seem like they put them mfs on themselves I hope sooo cause whoever did they ass bogus
I want locs but damn a big decision
I just find it in myself to argue with a bitch over a nigga just not like that
I have to mentally prepare myself for school tomorrow
Do you really have to do this Every time?
I swear I only crave libermans when they're closed
The accuracy
MY BED FEELS SO GOODDDD
You snapped
link???
ANDDDDD I could never understand this
my anxiety has been on a 1000
u kno which one talking about
finally back in richmond and im already tryna leave again
Tbh I smoked all day... sorry for the rowdiness.
wait
This is literally us irl
to cold in my house
My fantasy season dead thanks to bench players outscoring starters
murder me and make it look like an accident
and why they mad
nothing beats a big burger at the end of a long day
damn I could never
Yessss
I used to have one of these blankets and I remember having sleeping problems when I used it
I need some braids
so dangerous now a days!!!!
I got cute since February
I made some jerk ribs they were
wait to get home and eat
You tryna snatch a couple souls today lmao you not slick
cold as shit out here moe .. almost home
Black people always hyping people upplay too much
i just woke up and the first thing i did is go on youtube and listen to the album preview ughhhHhhhh the songs are just THAT good
Watching Brendan interview all over again makes me so uncomfortable, I actually watch it they
Toothache for 2 days I can get under a pillow and cryyyy
wish I was back home tonight
going be so hard leaving my baby next week for all them hours imma be so miserable at work
Till he get a crook sis.
I just want to cuddle with someone so bad. Man this single life is really for the birds
Come on me too go out day 1
so damn cold in Tuscaloosa
They never see the struggle they only see the luxury
I want one
36.) uugghhh such a hard question picking top two dark&wild and Tear
It was an accident
faves
Anything i need a new phone
Got home 7 almost 8 this morning shower ate and came to woke I been to sleep yet and not off for like another hour
Just Took A Fye Nap, Hope Ion Be Up All Night
I need financial help so badly in such a hard place
I wait to start this new job ... Who am I right now
Puddingstone is shut down
soon...
Standing in still traffic and have to use the bathroom is not the mood
After a couple shots of brown liquor got me trying to figure this love shit out hear
My Snapchat will haunt me forever
been a 3 day party still
Not suede spiked loafers. Then add the Henny
Me waiting in Subway for the bus cause too cold outside
Lol shit hurt til my direct deposit hit
should be finishing some more work but I'm too tired too
if i act different i care nomore and EVERYBODY HATES WHEN I GET LIKE THAT.. cause eventually your gonnr be DEAD TO Goodluck..
I really wanna dye my hair this color but I wanna ruin how healthy it is now
My fav goth queeen
Why are you always dissing on Jimin? That ain't it boo.
I finished the first draft of my final paper today and I felt so accomplished... not ready for my advisor to rip it to shreds though
Not to wish my life away, but been in college mad long. ready to move on to my next chapter already
My step mom
Still checkin for you
And everybody
i edit files up to the minute they need to be sent so I support him
Actually it's like two weeks now. Time has flown
crying so hard
Everybody says this
My baby almost two!!!
Sis shit was a rough time in my life. Lmfaoooo was not prepared for those type of antics.
My little sister she a classic. fucks with the kid heavy
i wanna go to the fsu v clemson game
Poor Vontaze Burfict got manhandled
My feelings are all over the place forreal
Tagged by:
Kihyun's so cute
Feels like I have to throw up.
Thank god, they've been clenched for three months
I need a nigga like this
Hi babe its my birthday
This XS camera so crispy
I want something sweet
trying to be healthy and all that
Saw these, wish they did it with Van's or Adidas
New Orleans in a few days
Jk no drinks 11 hour shift killed me again
I get off at 6am
Man when stressed af I would always call my mom to vent she always knew what to say to change my mood man ugh
a bat but I guess a demon gorl now
Every piece of food stinks to me what is going on ????
brother nature is still very cool to me
\
( (>
_/ \_
imagine all of us just hiking that trail
Why would you do this to me man why would you do this to us ? You really broke my heart & I think
I wait to get married and always cook for my man
so
I need that shirt in the first picture!
So ready to be home to my see you soon, babe!
Looking at last sins
Oh my god I have such bad withdrawal and only been 4 hours....... feeed meeee
I want to watch but such a pitiful chicken i need someone to watch it with
Olivia is my wife
Queen LMR still owns my heart
CJ be overlooking me
i took a nap today and forgot how much i missed doing that after school
My roommate needs to come home already
Fam like barfi to me you lightweight try warheads extreme sour
Wow be 21 next month and my baby will be 1 in December . Bitter sweet
I miss and Adriel We have to start making my visits weekly
my biggest dream is see in my notifications "Norman Reedus
followed you but i think never notice me.
I want a boyfriend & a spooky basket
First day back at Walmart and they worked my ass
damn i shit mufukas made me this way lmao
why can't i get the episodes at 5pm instead of 8
still not used to living in a different city than my twin I used to cry and complain every time he said he
What a day
I miss you so much more my hannah !!!
Unpacking sucks
Idc if barely cool outside i want these pink uggs like a mf
ugh your mind
Think of this game every time I hear ASAP by TI
Mann this Alfredo so goooood & fulll
that vampire dojae fic.... A bitch MIGHT JES reread to tide me over but when he dropped him at the train
I wish they left some of that natural Sag in the Titties
I hope my sis get her shit together she really hella sad over a nigga
bout to sleep like a baby
Let me finish this work. Break over
I need to finish this before 24th October anyway finally gonna start coloring Ty
someone I knew from it
still on season 2 of Supergirl. trying to catch up
know i had so many pairs of shoes until i had to move
A lot of great things happening
Been in the car for 13 fcking hours and finally here
My birthday is in April, but I want a Halloween themed party
Can someone dom me pls
there are too many of you oh my god delete and restart
I just needa red phone case n be cool
so slow i was riding with out lights for like 10 min
I lost my butt
After i get out this tub, i got to pack my clothes then bed i go.
after being off work for 11 days i am NOT ready to go back
cousin is saying such mean things about him wow
Look at this hard working man most songs he was working on them in the AM
i do like rollercoasters but this one..hm not so much.
Oops
the definition of deserved better! she had a heart of gold and so much love to give I
nothing haunts us like the things we buy
I don't think u know how fucked up I am about u
This show aint it with these kids crying lmaoo they need to come up with something else so no one gets eliminated
Idk why so interested in this damn Greenleaf show
teaching myself how to play no one knows me like the piano by Sampha.
but the video and I- why am I lying to myself
wait to look and feel pretty again
Is this real?! I was all for the philanthropic efforts with the animals!!!
The fact that he even knows where buried is...wow. not crying, I promise
thank youu! but girllll stawwpp you know you be
I tlk bout 4 laptop later and actually 5
Hp, Dell, Lenovo, Acer and the Sony was my final baby and I still
I just read this thread on here and guilty asf to it, I need to chill chill !
Yeen the only one
Awh ma gahhd autocorrect STAY worried about the wrongg shit
Lmao I wish they would have tried to mess with Hudson a bad man right there and it looks like they knew
What about the cows that are being raised in normal conditions that aren't given hormones
so late I been knew this king since the monkey video
my mom tryna go to the Bahamas for spring break but I already had plans for Miami with my friends idk what i wanna dooooo
- expecting to come back to cold
I never felt so attacked in my life
Bae can cook some good food! issa wife
Ion know if this liquor but I swear these hitting hard
I need
Wow after this pregnancy definitely getting back into Keto and working out
This pain is too much for me
had heartburn like all day
A year since this video and these people are getting more and more
Michael Jackson songs are so therapeutic to me
But I wannnnnaaa go back to work!
I cook with so many onions I love em .
so happy Mari and I are building our bond back I love her
My brother let me give him kisses anymore
I miss you tooo ! You work Wednesday??
Should have seen the Transcona location today with Regent closed
Somebody go half on a dog with me
For what I got a king sized bed
I how my friends text me back
She even make jokes about her own ovaries..... 2018 different
Im so excited to eat
bout to pack Tren stuff and sit her outside
oh my gawd
Good night loves! I have school tomorrow
Sheesh !!!
I'm WHIPPIN' my SHOPPING CART around the Twinkie CORNER at WALMART and BOOM ...
PLUNGED right
I wait to have a spa day
Everybody that come in my house grab some candy out the bowl. I even eat candy KK buy it damn near ever day
my grandma went back to Mexico today gonna miss her sm
wait to have a family of my own
Seriously like a new record of SOG? against us? SICK
When you miss somebody so you just watch their instasnap over and over again
Only thing about pouring out your heart is being hurt behind it
been on Twitter in over a years been goin on you guys ?
Can it be Thanksgiving already ready to see my man
thanks baby so are you
Salsa with cheese Doritos
"In fact, you have to convert everything to GURPS"
Guise, please.
I want my honey back
I am just not the type that wants to be out drunk til 5 am
absolutely past my bedtime, but here I am all awake.
My brother is making me miss the first few minutes
Oouuu get in the hot tubbb and sauna sounds lovely
i literally been sleep on and off all day
Grabbed the pillow that smells like him i almost cried
Its 6 and im big awaken
I do something productive
But its ok
The emoji tho. Even more explanatory. kinda nervous for coming
That food leek got me yesterday was so fucking good
Naa I really use to be on some bozo shit finally opened my eyes!
Fiona at another low point in her life....again. Thought she learned after she went on that cocaine binge
sorry bae
There was no swing vote. 50-50
Somebody order me a pizza and send it here . too lazy to do it
Food, presents, family time allat
My fan went out I gone make it through the night
ohhh my god im getting sick again
I really was knocked last night so ik im going be up night
I'm actually done with them.
I'm just hoping Alden will find someone as nice as him and who will
this is the case i need
I need a 6months vacation
.* court on the 26th I sholl wanna go
Sem break na kaso teacher eh
I hate texting, express my hatred for it. Come have a convo face to face w me
Snoop was fine lmao but why it look like he lost his lips as he got older.
Been working all damn day I miss my baby
Love my class last years dance was fun
My ear hurt
By the looks of next weeks episode its a No
Thank you sm
In love I want some too
Girl my life is only spicy when with you..
Damn I got training tomorrow morning for that search and clean shit 10-6
not ready to get up at 5:30
Thank you!! EXACTLY RIGHT
you are my heart
Sitting in my car because too cold to go inside
Im so cold im shivering under the covers
I just want Simone to give us just ONE cute look!
Finally cleaned my car after a month, and I just came to realize my passengers disrespected tf out of me
I need to find good leggings
Pls let me carry on blaming the men
I need to find me sum to wear for my birthday
The moonwalk on the knees
My baby been sick all day she even eat anything
This just made my life
my mind keeps telling me to let tf go but my heart keeps telling me to hold on a little longer
yes Lord
so mad my friends just saw at a five guys and say hi bc they were nervous god gives blessings to the weak
Need to get my hair spayed , my eyebrows waxed & my nails done a bitch need a whole new makeover ..
Thought homecoming was next month Just found out this week. I ready
I want some ice cream
Fast forward to Nov already. There are so many comebacks that i'm anticipating.
lowkey sleepy af
Why is greys anatomy soo addictive
Omg this has been me all weekend! I literally was like why am I this way?
I guess fair.
Girl tired of these nigguhs. finna have my folks dropping bodies
sigh i just love spamming people with likes and not getting shit in return
adore video of me out there. If you are the owner, please send that
Noah said he was gonna get me 4 seasons of DBZ downloaded on a flash drive and if he comes through really the goat
pls you know he loves lurking around and i do think he saw those pics or atleast i hope
I need it to rain again
Will Fuck You Up Forever
Dvsn| The Line
looking at pictures of oliver when he was first born and I want to cry he's so much bigger now at 10 weeks old and I can't deal
Omggggg I forgot about him lol a cutie too! Haku makes me feel safe af with him with his sexy serious voice lmaoooo
I love her
here you go, little girl.
Drinking when sick is the WORST idea everrrr
Idk what ima do with her she got a smart mouth and she always tryna fight somebody
OKAY ANDD..lmaoo, i get attacked daily
We is grown
It's official you can't cure stupid *smh* I honestly wonder what the individuals that approve what this clown
Transitioned my child to underwear. too long for his body but he said he likes how much he has now
Miss me wid that grown ur ass even have company
my heart is heavy
cancelled. We thought he was the one too
Bra fuck Brentwood cops I just got a ticket for going 10 over
I want some cake...
Paid 42$ for em ; definitely NEEDED that stress relief one
I just realized I slept 6 hours in the past 3 days
man what
I wanna go drink with my auntie but kinda tired
i wait to be underneath my blanket
i want a LV tote real baddd i wish i find a black one
I'm so ready to go home to my kid man
Ready for him to help me take these braids down!
just too much
Horny as shit. I wanna sell some sexy nudes. Message me now
Is tomorrow really Monday? Say it so
home cooked meals take eating to a whole different level i swear
Yeah he has a fohawk now smh my dad wanted to them to have the same haircut as him
I wish i was in Denver
Same
Wow - I heard this but see this slow mo nah Rondo not cool man
My son literally is something else.
SKY AND JT OR ARIANA AND ARTYON i pick i love them both sm
I just want my baby
i believe i fell inlove again
My manager really taking forever
never had boiled eggs in a seafood boil & it looks so good
I gotta make some shake real quick
Would be nice to cuddle up
please get rid of the Coconut Editon. the only thing getting me thru college right now
I really hope I pass this HESI
I really want Jourbey to go to bed so I can eat my milk & cookies without her
Shut up been saying this for like a month
Come here
That crap is genetic. getting it too
I need more tattoos
Trying to figure out what I want to do for New Years Eve is so hard
Holding my newborn niece was an incredible moment and I wish it lasted forever
menudo szn and if you like menudo your not living
sick in my feelings
I have bad anxiety
Tomorrow Monday already?
Lol yea not me I be broke broke
My daughter is the definition of clumsy and she dont get it from nobody but me
I'm going to hell
understanding why so many people turn cold hearted after so much shit g
Yes. Do it for me plz
I might have to
omg which nia started this
I am a grown woman pls God. tired of cute
mee trying to still find this version
My head hurts
All these family pictures at the pumpkin patch are so cute
I can't wait
Don't play with my heart
Fruity pebbles would be bomb asf right now
Episode just started and I already miss Ian
I have objections
Wheww Jesus my back is killing me.
Why anyone I need to hear from about work ever reply to me? Why must I always call I care about
I really want Journey to go to bed so I can eat my milk & cookies without her
All Brewers fans last night
yes please
Debating whether I wanna travel a few times this year or be very responsible and start house shopping
in desperate need of a pedicure and my nails done
Lol an option but honestly I saw the cutest tinker bell baby costume
i really love sundays sleep relax allllllllll day
SOOO FINE her body is really goals moe
No crazy
going to miserable tomorrow
customaryin Jamaica so definitely not Tarik bald headed ass
ugh
having the stomach flu is actually the worst
I been on the phone with my momma 3 hours during the day this is the only person I have to talk to because
shdhdshsjsjsSJDJSJSJDJD Should I feel old now being born in '95?
Welp! I took a long ass unexpected nap. Time to study.
My shorty giving it to and she even trying cause ik she not
Somebody bring me a wings & things platter from zaxbys
Did it really? Cause about to start watching it
Man I swear this no joke break you
Aff q vergonha
yes I want to make friends and go out more but then never have the time
this GIF is so wrong yet so appropriate lol
so excited!!
Spent far too much money this weekend
I need halloween costume ideas I be a cactus again
Lowkey thinking about going to see it tonight
Ready to see my checks
I know if I want a blizzard or a milkshake
Guess eating Noodles?
Not me because my MOD get me some.
Time for another break from my herbal love , just not productive enough
you have to snap on me like that at 10pm (my time) on a sunday night everytime you shine,
I want some bomb ass sex rn
Theo is highkey my wife
left hook
Common x The Light is a vibe
Aw that shoulder kiss
i forgot i gotta banquet to go to on the 10th... i gotta get a dress, shoes, and accessories like prom all over
i retweet it for a reason
Forgot to post this but this was for bday
Chug juuuuuuug
I wish I knew you what you were talking about
I want to go to a pumpkin patch
wish i could attend alumni weekend
:-(((( Man I might just convince my dad to drive to to Tucson go see it w/ you bc I wanna go alone skdkdkkckskc
Yeah done trying I just finna do me at this point
Protect
If i just had that one chick that would ride fah me !
My coat is at chelaney house
i love sitting up with my feet up
whew
Word
Today was a long day just ready for bed now
Issa blessing and a curse
i just wanna get off so i can eat & get in bed
From college parties to them late nights off frost. Down to the coming to text
know when poke that bottom lip out and cry she can get whatever she want
i need a bajan to come whine in my hole and then leave me alone
Sis you ATE THIS
but I do miss my babies & about 10 in the morning they will be done worked a nerve
Nope.
A thousand years so beautiful and I cry every time
Not ready for my man to be gone for 10 days .
I guess my dog wasnt entertained by the live steam
every woman - Az yet
all you boo
um yeah. gonna go hide under a rock now.
I just started painting my nails & got the biggest urge to pee
This is gonna hurt, I can feel it
u don't gotta attack my parents like that
My baby birthday coming up
My own babies give me baby fever how is that possible lol
i be running thru my checks
Being anemic no literally JUST making it out here. Bones aching
i should have a gold medal is procrastinating.
new phone me please .
I really wish my doctors office would consider opening at 9am vs 8am.
I hate that I afford this visor.
staf is really the neighborhood cat lady. he legit has a bag of cat food to feed the stray cats every other night
My shoulders have been so sore all day
I know next time I go to another LA show hopefully I see you again and we can meet !
Really trying to gain weight
nun much army shit yenno
i want some chitterlings
I want a cat so bad
I wanna go to the movies or out to eat
Real just bust a 12 hour shift
ugh wait! at the very end of my yolo and have been trying not to use it all
damnit i just got home and realized i forgot my lunch leftovers.
I got a potato chip in my eye
had both. Johnnies is so good but they have cheese and
not about to entertain nun of you niggas i only want this one guy sorry not sorry
bestfriend you so fucking cute
Sometimes I just want to follow my gut instinct but my brain + heart tell me to stop over reacting
Why has my stomach been hurting for the past week
i need to know if cfa sells avocado lime ranch in bulk
True sha. But this is a selfish cause
Ill Be The Odd Ball
i managed to have fun today but yet i still got my work done
Can it please be Wednesday already? I really need by already
forever indebted to for giving me her extra Britney upgrade A real Queen just like her idol
dude,,,, everyone was expecting smth why are you like this
my brother called me i wish he come home already moe .
You trippin good but not apple
What's her name? social media? Anything? I need to see more. The lil 2seconds shot throughout the episode are not enough.
Go get in the bed! all her problems start at
when a mf crazy over you thats when you know
I really been studying my ass off for this Anatomy
Anyone in the DMV going to tomorrow? I wanna go alone
blown about my headphones like really bad mfs is so sad yo like GET YOUR OWN tf.
How am I gonna be wife or mother? where does all the energy come from?? Lol HOW?
First thing i do when i come home from work is take a shower ; kuhsz once i get in bed, its a wrap
Tallahassee needs a salon with Dominicans.
I have time to watch. I kept putting it off.
the beauty!
I clearly ask for a invoice yesterday They just sending it
Gonna be back in the 210 next month if u see me say haw yee
I want a puppy
GOALS por mariana and the
I miss my princess already!!
im just sitting here thinking like "damn i really wanna taste a Krabby Patty"
Trying not to fall sleep early gone be right back up at 3
Lmaoooo no you not meant for everyone. if kenz came along when she did I woulda changed my
I been thinking about mula since RR busted at me saying he been trying get in touch with me . Damn I miss my dawg !!
I shoulda got some hummus
Trina and Boosie with this Thug Song riding!!!
not ready to watch this
I need friends that wanna take random trips & just do stuff together
Were those tweets real tho ?
I remember the last time I had a full 8 hours of sleep, what is life
Trying to stay up and finish this work but so sleepy
I cnt wait to wrap my body parts around his
trying to be done with red meats but I want a Italian beef
i can't waittttt
One more football game then I can stay on top of all of my grading
such a baby when i feel good
put it on the backburner for now
Ever since I got this vap pin I cant put it down so relaxing
Rell call just to see how my work weekend went and doing everything obviously
I hate how early it gets dark
nothing feels better than a fresh wax
so sleepy , I wait to get off.
i cant wait to get lit to these songs
had a sweet tooth lately
My coworkers be saying my arms are big
I wait for thanksgiving
Listennn already feeling good
HeaIthyFood: RT Alex143637: omg this is too cute
To get in bed or to finish packing
going to sleep early i feel good and i have 0 strength
Microwaved popcorn and Hennessy V.S.O.P. for dinner
not ready to adult
To get in bed or finish packing
Why Matt gotta be like that to Melvin come on, he rather die for Betsy than those people... Stop being an
I wish I could at least go to the UA Prom at Onicon
plays too many games with my emotions
This episode with the active shooter got my nerves bad
I even put not one load in
Pls do bc I don't get paid til Friday !
I would kill to see them live
When ? Where ? What time
sorry for your loss. My condolences goes out to you and yours
watch movies because every time i do i fall asleep
me now
Got to be up in 5 hours and I sleep because of wisdom teeth pain but have any more pain killers until I have gone to sleep
Just want a blunt
you know when all of a sudden your skin just hates you
Those were some pointy shoes!
Hopefully! I thought I was healing a few times already
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do! Happy One Year, Twitter Fam. Look
When done with this wood about to devour this steak & shrimp Yakimesi .
really craving seafood right now
loves of my life
I crave sooo much
wendys just gave me two medium strawberry lemonades
I have been missing out for sooo long!! Twitter I missed you!!!
Me just trying to hold on to my faith when it comes to the
i like chipotle but the last burrito i had was terrible
we have to defend our book on saturday and im nervous already
I love taking NyQuil . I be sleeping like a baby
Ki intansyonw la u vin met micro nan bouch Bae poul chante a
Need a detox foreal
Pecan pie I ate a whole pie within 2 days
SLAVE NAME bitch i hate you
Aesthetics only lovin my edits with the color blue lately
Unk baked chocolate chip cookies
Why did I have to say yes to picking up a shift tomorrow
if loving you is wrong , i wanna b right
Kev still sees his babies as babies
Same... even free ball in tights without a wet spot forming
Waiting to get paid this week to buy my World Series jersey
Hes so cute im happy for you baby
craving warm apple pie and vanilla ivecream!
Ya no mms nadie@quiere verte!!
grandma cooked stew beef rice & macaroni plus i got food from that babyshower ohh god im finna SMASH when i get in the house
excited for work because i have a slim jim in my desk and 2 candy bars
im obbiously the original
glowing
YOUR LIPS ARE SO SOFT LOOKING
Literally wtf were we thinking?! I was terrified and we walked so much
I need my brows done
Everybody on my Snapchat is eating steak tonight
really know how excited i am for friday.
exactly how I feel!
But I wanna go too hard because I
wait to show mines off
so fucking cute
somebody come over
Sean really pissing me off.. trying to keep calm
This was such a good episode
cold asl and all I want is a burrito from CHIPOTLE!!! & this line not moving fast enough
My stomach as been upset since yesterday
Why you got to play a sista like that??
Cable management is such a chore
Mami stretching those shorts
I really get the same three hairs on my chin I can see me having a full beard at 40
Wait, more??
I wanna be thick(er)
You walked him through it? Lmao because it actually look good... I want some
i just wanna be loved
I just want my nigga to be there thru the good and the bad .. just some shit I never had
Does he even know why????
Feels good to be home
Desperate for another tattoo
Please before you change your mind
idk why i always wait till Sunday to do my homework
You ever mixed em together?
Omg this food smells bomb I wait to eat
Guys with beards my weakness
I got a fucking headache out of this world
we all
Swear I have been LIVING through your snaps
My Stomach Hurts
Awww!!! These scenes kill me between Richonne know this is last season.
need me a boo thing
Girl where?? Do you have a physical copy of it bc I find it anywhere
FALTA UNA HORA.
ME QUIERO BAJAR
I be looking so mean , really a sweetheart
I love this song
I really was at Shannie house since yesterday & just getting I was soooooo comfortable
I wanna go to condado to get guacamole and queso but I feel like driving back up north
I really want some platinum hair
No puede ser
I want to be home someone take me out
where & what to eat
sis please
i have too, been so long
My little heart and Bradley Cooper are
Both of my girls (my dogs) are getting so skinny and worried
My hair looks so good yess my hair I cut it
wait to go home and shower
When you care about someone hard to watch them go through toxic things without being able to help them
I wish had some new music on the way he got me through it two winters ago
pero si pendeja sheila name me another girl group from the big3 that gets dragged everyday by armys like
mine is due in two weeks i am so sorry
Why I just dress like this everyday
That depression be creeping up on me and suffocate me if i let it
omg leeky used to always write them for mya when they were together . Shit was so beautiful i used to cry
them back pains coming back
I love my mom but she finna drive me and my dad NUTS talking about non-football related stuff during this football game
Went into work thinking I was gonna quit and got a raise
Haunted house is a terrible idea!
going need it
i will cover my eyes the entire time during a scary movie idgaf. a puss
there was no reason to beat their asses so badly my god
Loded diper looks GOOD nowadays omg guess start stanning!!
My skin is so irritable I just got a rash and itchy one on my face too
I wish I had a good ass body
My 10 day challenge is starting tomorrow
Gorgeous in every way & seem cool
Je souffre
I been on my feet all day I swear they hurt
When 2am and you remember you have to set alarm for 5:30
Guess I should think about going to bed then!
I hope i can sleep through the night
I never feel this way about nobody this shit is DEEP
watched football all day.
Damn yo I know Justin tucker sick as shit ! That was such a good game too been even better if we won
I gotta stop eating steak every time I go to Chipotle.
trying to make our bedtime at 10
Right now, the Chiefs are having the Bengals for dinner.
That nigga wanted to kill me
girl their home decor section gives me life
My mom hooked it up with the empanadas de platano
Meanwhile I still went to see Halloween
understand how ready i am to eat this cake on tuesday
My serger is being soooo stubborn why won't you thread!? And stay threaded?!
Mood yes
How Can You Trust Somebody Again ?
God him
I will never get anything in my name for anybody else again when that shit back fire it slows ya whole life down completely
My weed pen was so clutch for the holidays last year
Or at least past 2
*coughs*
Are you finished? Im on to 10 and I just keep hoping Frank will show up
my resident just made me want some ice cream so bad going straight to the store when off
This is way too many people to be putting on the ballot for Board of Education. Reading all their statements - how can I choose?
been working for 7 days straight for the past 5-6 weeks and ima finally have the weekend off next week wait
Now wait a damn minute!! not dead?????!!!
really hate that I say shit I mean when upset like
oh you absolutely did
I wish I had a bestfriend like old times , I b doing everything by myself
Spooky szn is cool and all but give me just one more 70 degree day
i had to make some more sweet potatoes them shits was so good !
this toast SLAPS
I have missed a lot of events with my friends and I have to be okay with that
You better serve it sis
Our season starting 0-2, players ready get suspended lol I knew this uniformed was
I wait to have my first kiss
Damn near dreaded up already so dusty omg
y'all both sexy af
Sorry everyone for having to end stream early due to my motion sickness I just want to thank you all for your
the game froze and I got eliminated was looking forward to kicking but in the 100 game. So sad this always happens!
I Get Tired Of FAKE Laughing With My Co-Workers Mannnn Shut Yo Lame Ass Up
22 restaurants in Nashville that I wanna try.
my little heartbreaker
i be peeping a lot of flaw shit
im going to attempt to eat healthy this week
Send me a real 1
the validation need from this app .. I just understand
When your cheek clapping appointment gets canceled for the second time
literally wtf were we thinking?! I was terrified! And we walked way too far
i wanna go home but i honestly feel like driving there
Yeah, it COULD be that expensive. Can u remember in-ear merch? That little thing costs 6k thb
she soo gorgeous
... Coolin. 4 real it was 40 degrees and windy Downtown &
LMFAO i wish that guy was Glenn
Just wanna be laid up right now
I really need my nails & hair done
Wow u never poked me
pull up my 2015 tweets.....
I love doing my facial cleansing make me feel like light skinned
My heart is pounding! Yall. crying right now!! My babies.
WAIT DANCE PRACTICE!?
Maggie lowkey cruising around with a Glen lookalike
Man... i really love this girl yo
Movie nights plssss and thanks
One homeless man got mad cause I offer him any chips blocked his blessing with the quickness
man g. shit gets really real
I understand how Carl deals with me and my emotions right now but she does. December come soon enough
Fake fans Seeing mr president bortles play is priceless
cant wait for mono
Caribbean parents switch from your books, study to are my real quick
It is officially electric blanket season.
God has just been blessing , blessing and blessing me lord I thank you for YOUR support I know you hear me
this babe won't let me sleep ah
Temp dropped 10 degrees & these folks already wearing &
This video brings back so many memories I miss my church camp friends sm
But I wanted to get a v8
I been MIA on twitter im back now.
earphones
So Rick tryna shoot up club.
these mfs kinda cute let me know when they hit Nordstrom Rack
& the sad part. It gets worse than this
I want some cinnamon rolls
A bitch really catch a break
If you only knew the anxiety you cause me, you treat me this way whyyyyyy whyyyyy!!!! I be the
in 20 days i'll be taking photos like these and im so emotional just thinking about it istg
& only been here for a month
I dunno why I luv this filter sm
a Namjoon stan that has never listened to his mixtape I feel bad but I feel like it is the perfect time to
must be nice having a Kareem Hunt
Ace got water everywhere
I wish I was at the concert
Mannnn, I had them dill pickle baby wholes or whatever called for the first time today and those shits SLAP. So good. Crack
be glad when I have a girl that can be herself around me, like bitch sing even if you
CHEEEEEE PART 3??
Monday
That swipe tho
I was just blessed in sorry but I mean she was great and love to see her in Vegas tbh
In need of a full day of relaxation and no phone interruptions
The dress can never be worn again
Hocus Pocus is on
With a side of bo rounds
This week will be really hard for me
put Grown Woman and Standing on the Sun on iTunes been 3 years
I really be trying for shordy
I hate when my little brother get in trouble with my mom I be feeling so bad for him
Alright someone help me do my essay lmao I need ideas
oye a ti twitter no te quita rts? A mi me quita de twits pasados
I need Dreka shape to slide in these mfs tho
Craving cake
This fool kicked his daughter out to make room for his
so upset my nail is broke
soar asf
My Head Hurt .
My stomach hurt
this is beautiful
Student athletes: tf you complaining for i grind 24/7 you get the hustle
Also student
I be so tireddd
One time for the birthday girl
My mama literally MADE us get our hair comb when we was little so we be tender headed.... still tender headed
too cute man I actually love her
really heartbroken he was the homie on the low
.... son when i tell you i woke up and my girlfriend look bad as hell
i'll say it again my friends r beautiful
I wait to go to bed and wake up in the morning not hungover how do people get drunk all the time??? This shit is for the birds
whew chile
I just wanna cuddle
Im going to blow up if we dont talk about how adorable yoongi is
Sis why are you laughing
Diploma me already
relate this bills
Maryland
eiii this shoe you used to show off with
not this hard for bass in like...forever. I might cave and get it sooner
I need to hear i love you rn !
Mds
I wait to smoke a joint once I land in the H
The worst
Yes please !
Seeing and wish a happy birthday just now. I
Instagram know they wrong for sending that message has been notification
You're right
i wanna have a night like this with my friendsss
Only 30 more essays to go tonight
All I did was blink and my sister already has Jin on her phone
Why r u literally the LUV of my life
My hand hurt so bad
shorty had to be bad tho.... just be bringing anybody home
When you and your sugar daddy share the same birthday ready to see my gift this year
Do you like mythology? What mythological creature do you prefer? Di ako mahilig sa myth.
I fell asleep at 12 and I've just woken up feeling so sick and can't get back to sleep, FUCK OFF ANXIETY
What id do to have my 9 am cancelled tomorrow
yes i know exactly wtf going on and i want some NOW
Ready to see my baby girl
finally bitch
Me asf!
I had such a long day yesterday.
Add me
Fr! I Think About It All Day!
Who do I want to slay this birthday look
Seaweed udon
dude, seriously.
keep my phone charged
On life
Just want a hot ass shower
about to watch Halloween tonight & I really be fucking with scary movies
For once on a Sunday I might just be in the bed early
relate, these bills
USTEDES NO SABEN LO QUE ME QUIERO GANAR LAS ENTRADAS A LA PARA EL 27
I need to lose this weight and get back to this I used to be bad
He adores her & soooo cute
I wish this weekend have to end
Bad ASF He fall out already
ice cream will forever be my weakness
Everyday I get closer & closer to becoming a vegetarian
too much for me.
I want it back tho
That extra semester struggle
I might finally go watch venom today
I love a set of perfect titties
Making a Murder 2 is too much.
look at this.. LOOK at THIS just BEAUTIFUL
I love this so much
I switch my mind off! Things constantly running through my mind! All I want is some sleep
How old was he when you started that?
This The One
thank you, but they need to stop lbs these situations cause soo much drama in my life
My collection is ridiculous thank u
I love lil baby man
Friends proud of you namjoonah brun I'm shook right now
Ended the males!
I gotta watch it too
My room so cold
Meanwhile I even get a txt back
Can it be Wednesday so I can have a day off already
Sach mei
I want unicorn house shoes NOW
The girl at the nail salon just asked if me and my sister were dating Abby said at least she gets the vibe that gay
Pretty sure my toddler is the only kid up eating seconds of dinner like he ate a hundred snacks after dinner.. nigga go night night
But Roosevelt gotta take some dance lessons first cause he got no rhythm
Okay baby come home
been feeling like shit for the last two days. Have a fever too
After spending all weekend with Hunter, watching him leave to go back to school for the week was harder than ever
I feel you!!!! I found me a legit hair rocking braids until all the chemicals are out
I have 30 or more lipsticks and I hate them all I like any of the colors anymore.
The Temptations movie is playing rn and I just wish was here to watch it w/me
I get so happy when people want me to draw their tattoos
Just beat the dog an hurt my pinky
I hope my life never gets this low
My followers been sending me sweet messages all day my heart so full
Who wants to rip this off me?
I really need to stop procrastinating and start too
I just be getting ideas from Pinterest thinking damn I wait until a house owner and can decorate everything.
those are in my top five
Ugh idk what to eat
Ready to pounce, hama.
I want what about to eat!
I cannot wait for basketball season , i just want to be on the court already
Wanted to forget how this anime ended kmt
I just need a legit doctor. I have time to be getting botched. go in hiding for the rest of my life.
This is America in 2018, just happy this America just 50 years ago
I really wanna go to Bali sooooo beautiful there
All damn day! still tired as hell and have yet to do any hw
who love to go out and have mini photo shotes hml
Feels like we're experiencing winter temps in the fall
What a disgusting colorist piece of shet and they stan THAT
Idk what type of oil I need but every since I have had these faux locs my scalp stay moisturized to save my life
Got a B on a test I study for
I just want someone to carve pumpkins with me this week
LMAOOOOOOOOOOO I love Twitter
I wanna go to Crab Shack tomorrow
ate,sleep, or rolled a blunt yet I just wanna relax
God release me from this life of poverty
They sell durex on alli express
Turning 28 in a couple of weeks. Brand new start.
I gotta stop watching this shit
Bruh this is real life
mentally preparing for monday
says she have a speech problem! She needs to stop lying. ironic, yesterday my friends
Why would you say this? What are we gonna do if it's not true now.
what what
nah my cousin is 18 in December and my family are all convinced be married before me
fucking tipper and arctic monkeys are the same time at voodoo
Finally, my girls finally back from LA, need to do a whole full set for my lashes
My babyyyyyyyyy he call me all the damn time lol
Fr man old anime new anime time flying
Why does cake always sound good?
Now I want some crabs
We need any more injuries
I Got This American Deli & Dont Even Want it
It was everything. I missed your cute self!
I want to be at this show
Loving being home but i really cant wait to go back to school
Everytime I eat a cheeseburger I start throwing up crazy... my little peanut it's so picky
i just want a family.
Ok but are they going to collab
NOT READY, PLEASE HAVE MERCY ON ME
Need my clear skin back
& be mad why it last ... you had a baby w. A complete stranger
Jacques play at 12 pls come until 12, tryna catch a spin and be in the way
Making plans with sucks because we never have the same days off
so ready to fell better so I can eat again
I probably do yoga b4 work
Soooo unqualified!!!!
I just want a jean jacket that make me look like a dweeb trying to relive my gaucho pants days
mood really paying the rest of the world dust
whyy...
Funny just leaving dinner rn, u shoulda said something earlier
But wasnt it monday like 7 days ago
Sometimes being the bigger person can have you looking like the dumber person some mfs just worth it
Kick out your own daughter to move in a stranger Oh my gawd
This headache just go away!
This will be the LONGEST 4 weeks of my life
keeping up with a bank is hard af, lmfaoooo i like having cash not a card
right
Wa Sunday lunch? the past 2/3 weeks I been eating shit and go gym
I want and Ronnell wants Burger King and the fool still playing the game
I Been Holding Back Time For Me To SHAKE BACK
ladies how do you guys get rid of cramps?? give me some remedies, this shit is ridiculous!!
Different season different type of glow
I want my man now
Ughh let me do this exam
Okay now even more sad, what is this
is seriously making me miss Texas...and
Ay no
Me he portado mal
Dude i NEED to lose weight
If this the same shit I have been asking for years ... the ballads kill me
Can song be something like this?
literally my stomach hurts
Someone bring weed reimburse you when you reach
ok over this semester, next
I need to get like my dad and his gf they caked up vibin to music cuddling as we speak
Shit mono comes out in less than 24 hours
tired as hell
rolling on the grass don't ask me why
in trouble. Twitter like my language.
Who told me to have 3 glasses of wine
Wow yes!! I gotta go visit Ferguson someday and pay my respects at ground zero.
put this into the universe his orbing sure is suspect though!!
I love my dog but hate the way she makes blankets smell
Back to Houston tomorrow for work
Oh boys hahahahah pogi ah
been binge watching How to get away with murder ALL DAY
smile just melts my heart
I Want See The Hate You Give So Bad I Heard Its Good
sharp she remind of her tho
How fucking cute
Everytime this dude I cant
sad that be back until January. What am I supposed to do on now?!
been a long time
especially dumpster
I can feel myself getting sick
First kiss and he grabs me by the throat and plants one on me. Yep the one
literally been busting my ass doing homework since 5
out here making me crave a general tao
I want some braids
good morning!!! 1 week nalang, exams na don't forget to review and pray!
When yu push it inna har and she run off a it and nearly bruk har neck
That sounds like a good time
Lmao omg! my old music makes me cringe so bad.
Why don't we ever mention Synclaire and Overton when discussing those 90s couples that are "goals"....they are soooo sweet to each other
I didn't even know who are this people but I am blocked ooof
believe bouta be working two jobs again tho I did this in so long
But if queen gives us free tix to her concert in Manila on Friday, can we go? FOMO is real.
Her ass gonna have to fight me if she don't hurry up and come home I miss her
I hate winter too many layers of need to come and help keep you warm
I be sitting up here crying watching Greys Anatomy
I'd never pull out
been a long day.
Finally in bed
What should I do for my 18th BIRTHDAY?
she kept the onsie
Good lord edible
The wallflowers are great for the bathroom. I wish we still made the room spray
I wish my old bamboo pen worked with my intuos
make me need to work on my body
Harden made Gallo fall but he missed
They love putting me on a mfa whole time got the wrong mfa
I really wish I had a car cause I would never be at this house
This has been a very long day
Yes and I turn it off
want these braids outta my head
ion feel like being the wingman tonight
Got my joggers tickets cause not playing. I been on a boat ride all year
HOW does my dog know that I'm leaving?? He looks miserable every monday morning and he won't eat
Bold of you to assume i followed u anyway lmfao
A bitch just did 24 hours of ot.
wait for Tate to fall asleep so i can listen to music in peace
karlisromero: Reblog if you want to have your way with me
no he visto The Nun
Might have to go for these, no vip tickets no chance though
Ughhh I need her body
have to keep reminding myself that better days are coming
ah fuck you caught me
Y'all, I've been on this cruise for less than 6 hours and I already gained 12 pounds.
been being the petty baby mama for like 3 days a do better next week
you are the sweetest as always thank God for you
How the hell did I lose my Polaroid
STILL STOLE THAT SCREENSHOT SMH i need to start putting a watermark on them
Somebody needs to have a crab broil
My stress has stress today
judged for the height yea and also buying pants is the worst when im all leg
when I say I kicked it so hard at the Kevin Gates concert I promised I showed my ass lmao .
monday madness
I just had a sample of ice cream on accident
they never do
I might fall asleep during the movie
July 10, if only one more day
I really want Krispy Kreme right now
And at work until 7:30
I want some Starbucks
be home soon boo
stawppp it
hungry but not trying to lose my parking spot.
fall is flying by & not ready for winter at all .
I could go for a funnel cake right now
These last few months of 2018 is going to be crazy
I just thought about sumn... I seen Thirteen Ghost at all this month
okay both great groups
Love tea
Me too . I use to hate it but some girls my age be looking TIREDDDD in the face .. grateful
it's why i cut my hair short
I wanted to go but i stuck at work myself
Go away baby fever
I got a whole team yo lol
You just.....sheesh
Calls me ask me I wanna get fucked listens! & FRESH HAIRCUTS
i just burned the fuck out of my finger w the blunt, that shit hurted
This is beautiful
I need afters ice cream they got the cookie butter right now
Literally craving everything rn
he always start singing
even do it, ima miss the cupcakes
I want nut color
Why Monday be included with the weekend. 4 day weeks make me happier
Wish it was in my cards
I wait till I see my Bestfriends I miss them sooo mucheven tho we be on ft 24/7
Ate too much today
hope today goes by smoothly. After the week had
Drunk I gotta stop this shit
Kids have no business at no 2nd lines only 15th and up
No good can come of all this sentimental stuff This better not lead to special guest
Cranberry everything
I made my intern take this
The way my anxiety is in full force this weekend
sorry for what I did too you
Anybody wanna wash & braid my hair? Because SICK of it
lil sister Senior night soccer game is tomorrow. I feel like ima cry she was just 2 and cute
Been spending too much on food
Why am I ever this cold
I already want more tattoos
ugh
almost waterboarded myself taking off my drenched t-shirt... why am I like this
like is honestly taking me out
I need some more of what I had last night
When* not while
Omg, if this me rn
I love that! baby ooooogieeeeeee
perfect lay up weather
Ugh I beat that are damn near the size of my head down there too
October, must you be so cold.
why am I always overthinking
Peach got their music
Yes baby you look so delicious
Damn hot mamas
The thought of having to start over!
Lmaoo crying because this is meeeee! When my hair done, I am so lousy
Cleaned the whole house still washing clothes
Come on already please
This was so good I ate it all myself but I burned some of it at the gym today I hope I still lose the weight
These were the best fruit snacks. You can never just have one pack of these shits
i tried to open the wine i bought and the opener broke. so sad rn
That sounds amazing
that love shit is not a joke
I just waaaannnaaa go home and finish watching split
craving a hot pickle
finally!
I have so much to do tonight
Is this on now? Is it playing in Canada?? still here lol
Got the koldest lil pimp walk
4 day weekend next weekend...just have to get through this week...last week was trash as fuck at work
i miss my braids
I cant make shit up Forreal
About to shower before I eat this Long horn, and call it a night. Work in the am.
I need to hurry up and get paid so I can line my shit up
It most definitely lol and they never called to cancel it hope whoever it was is plays
crazy how being 2,329 miles away from LA makes me the happiest
Waaa! Wapin ne.
1 more to put down
I just wanna go to bed early tonight
Craving for something sweet i want some candy and this nigga treating me like one of his kids telling me
I don't understand why it is so challenging for people to acknowledge it is okay for people to not identify
you and your boyfriend are the cutest Thank you thank you
no luck finding my fluffy sweater
Badly in need of a massage
We had an amazing time
a cookie for you both
A chamoy margarita sounds so good rn
The only math that i want is MATHulog
I need my phone charger but I have to move my puppy to get it but too peaceful
My cramps are so bad rn
Just finished Cowboy game.
Same
They Gotta Give Westbrook Some Calls Tho
I love being around my dad We literally kick it all day
Dear
Why do I always crave you on Sunday?
-LarJ
just come home I love you Dyson. I wait to be reunited with you
DJQKDKAKXJJAJDJS this is the first time i changing but yeah i have identity crisis fjajdjjs
so i sleep with a noise machine that plays rain sounds at night and i went home over the weekend and i forgot to bring it back to my dorm
Turn on.
So basically you just confirmed her streams are faked & poor Mariah
I wonder if my mama done cook that nap got me hungry asab
I just wanna be a Thot for Halloween but this cold let me
Me about a month ago
Im so sleepy but igotta wait at least until ten cause ion wanna b up all night
Ouch..
When you're seeing posts of your friends traveling and you're stucked at home?
Just been sitting here holding the phone with Jaylah today
My name is Keianna and addicted to Qdoba
pissed I have my car back until Tuesday
I wanna have a 3 sum one day porn make it look so much fun .
Lost my wallet
I already got my birthday gift to myself & that shit HURT
Someone about to pull tweets up on us
It is! it's so embarrassing to remember those times
been enjoying having service all weekend. Now back on the struggle bus
Whyyyyyy did I have to see this
You know what a bitch ass bitch
And a bad ass bitch could write 10 essays in 3 hours
Going to be listen to BTS for some motivation
only talked to Spencer twice since Wednesday, and i seriously miss that man so much. he needs to come home
Ice on my baby is really my song.
Summer walkers harmonies be SO on point EVERY time
Bored asf who wanna go get drinks
Chocolate men with beards will always be my weakness
I needa go get her another costume because she goin to a Halloween party & I want her wearing the same thing twice
soooooo loud there today.
Jtl ga seh ini
tryna watch DBZ, while rubbing some cheeks
Especially on food lmao. I love food
// Shane impact
9 more days to payday
excited about my lil gathering wait to pumpkin carve
im so ready to get in the bed but I have to do my reflection for technology before I go to sleep!
That bath really helped my legs! They are so sore
y'all be like stan mtc but....where my buster bros representation at
They hate me and always will
I'm craving an ice cream slush from sonic
been waiting for this tweet for so long
Disgustingly disappointed
so pretty!! Do you have to have nose pierced to get a nose hoop? Really want to get my nose pierced
I WISH BRO! I miss you too!
When you have to work on something you do not even understand
His fucking VOICE me and were just talking (crying) yesterday about how SENSUAL jimin is
ooh i turned him into a lil freak
These lil bass cut it
Im physically not ok someone plz get me some advil I even drive my ass to the store
Yeah sadly the thought crossed my mind.. I'm just happy that they'll be together again when Dean
officially missing summer
Luckily for him, so is the A.D.
finally headed back home , my lil ankles goneeeee
once again, they rlly said fuck non-Apple music users lives
Wishing I was down in Key West for Fantasy Fest with Lena her pictures are making me hella jealous
i had a drink since new years and momma is craving a margarita
LMAO a week later and my mother just found out i got home at 4:30 am last Friday.
Ops. Sorry ama
Omgggggg major on I spoke too soon Jasmineee girl my heart is pounding waiting for Kwazis reaction to that date
Can He Get Any Better Than This? I Swear Namjoon Makes Me Feel Some Type Of Way
I was doing so good man
I miss my Keey baby
When you tell someone your hurt & they do something to hurt you even more
got a heart 4 sale and bleedinnnnnn
I just want to drop a project this year for the culture sis
Every time the heart of reason they die. Rick is no different huh ugh
craving jollof rice
A 1005 CP?! The one I got the other day was just a 74 CP
I wish it over so soon
So ready to get back to myself
Went on a ride on the four wheeler but it even enjoyable because of all the damn mosquitos
He really does he tryna be there
Not on no club type of timing but dinner, Jazz & wine type of night
Need to learn how to braid dreads
Making soft MBB go Hard.
Can the weekend like not be over? not ready for this week to start
I want some of that head Jody gave Evette after he punched her
Damn Heavenly even take a compliment from Mariah
The insecurity jumped out
I'm trying to get a dope geometric elephant done. This just flared up my frustration.
I feel you on this baby
Wow this is what I need
Figured.
LISTEN THIS LOOK AND THIS OUTFIT RIGHT HERE UGH where all my 'dawon black hair enthusiastic' at??????????
Ima take my hair out fr tomorrow
There is omggg so hard with vegetables LOL
I need a spa day
Ya ever been so stressed because waiting for a specific text ?
feeling nice af off that little ass angry
Shieeet, seen enough for a lifetime
faves
I want crawfish
I have soooo many videos of me and my baby
our film is officially out and im so frckn nervous
everytime I eat a edible I get excited and everytime disappointed
I forgot how good the apple pie & ice cream combo is at The Village ugh miss living so close
2 nights of enough
even lie. cold outside
my lil titty havin ass can't reach it
do it lol just go with the flow and let things fall into place. Better safe than sorry
really just wanna get rubbed on til I fall asleep
I did my best ok
love eating cereals any time of the day, pero now lang me magrereklamo i want a full blown breakfast pls!
stop teasing
if ur viewing my account:
pls block me i smell like <---- emoji thanks
how old are
Wow jealous
my stomach hurt
Oh...
There goes my ability to do an hour of OSS work tonight
At 27 & 25, my mom still like twice a month takes me & my sister out to eat then to Target like whatever
This girl tried to approach me for her guy cousin. But I was more interested in her
Lol lol Was anything even grabbed from the top? Or was the cereal box already on the counter
I have something in my eye and I just read it as should date but idk the years like who has the time
Someone come with me to see him in Nov 9th
trying again in March.
I wanna go to the movies
tongue ring can you heal already !
I wait to go get a fill Thursday
iconic king you really snapped
Swimming overnight + Debut + Pasok ngayon. Potek traffic na naman!
I could really use one of those high school desks to crack my back right now that was a heavenly feeling
This weekend was so chill
what is that
Tryin to pick where to go for our honey moon is hard
Craving some hot Chocolate
literally my mood every Sunday night after a long weekend of work!
I chew on ice. So bad but so good
The second I put my trust in someone they fuck me over
Say less
barely eaten today and I feel awful!
chorei a vida com o final de The Haunting Hill
I want to be alone with my nigga for 1 weekend
if ur viewing my account:
pls block me i smell like <---- this emoji thanks
Eww cansulled
Why my video not posting to Twitter
Why am I so tired today
I been missing Black Ink NY
My heart
Been with Cole ever since Unabomber. All I want is to see him face to face.
Oh mY BoyS Agaaaaain, I watched your livestream
Never been so happy to see my bed
it's good to know I'm not alone in this. :( yep, soulmate culture, really. Or we're both just really unlucky at the same time.
Im in south FL. The liberals are insane
if ur viewing my account:
pls block me i smell like <---- this emoji
I wish some of my loved ones that passed had a Facebook so I could post on their wall everyday
I'm sick again at 4 am great
Nothing does kill me more than seeing Bahamians up with other ppl gf/bf in the states like we knowww Bahamian
Im gonna nightmares
I really don't feel like getting in my car lol, I want sumn to eat right up the road but I'm tired of zaxbys and domino's
true love when they satisfy your cravings
I want some pho soup
Every time I hear pretty wings I think about indi
srsly! be going on the weekends fasho
Bout to get dressed and and go to the hospital know if these are Braxton-Hicks or the real deal
On to the next Birthday
Do you guys see this! sooo talented
shit so crazy
WHO SAYS I CANT HAVE ONE
Ppl think I'm only 14 so yeah same
go see Tash creating beef on my Facebook
I wish you were a traveling nail tech, I need you here In Ohio
he absolutely does and i just want to watch one good time
Video no disponible
I do not wanna fold these clothes
in need of company
That face you make when you realize you forgot your iPad at home. It's going to be a long week...
I have a deep love for and his music
He is so mean
BELLLLLLA is down for the night
ends in two-and-a-half hours here in Pa, and not sure going to get anymore reading done.
I wait to set my wax appointment this week
android users can't relate
My and exactly how my future son is gonna be
yes we can i need a boo though
My friends play such a huge role in my life done even know
Lol girl I NEED it, I went to Target today to pick it up and it was nowhere to be found
Congratulations!! lol been around 3 months for me, believe it took this long to get some couches
Ugh it's so damn cute!
21 w no kids not many can say this
even better when together tapos the song randomly plays huhuhu I get all fragile sis
We was suppose to get the kids costumes today
Been sleep all day and still tired ... hitting the sheets early tonight
do i really wanna order this shaped pizza cause cute or do i want a large with the wings
I was watching last night hoping they would show it!!!
All I ever see is girls on vacation or out to eat in Toronto but you never see her date give the man some face
Up to my eye balls in liquid lipsticks but I want those new Give Me Glow shades.
Burlesque gets better every time
18 essays done, 12 to go before sleep tonight!
Lol dead ass soon as I get in someone car hitting the roof to pull back the lik visor
I really miss watching Insecure ok Sundays!
If you love numbers, go into finance!
RayLyn be acting
i just want my skin to clear up .
Jasnique the onlyyyy girl i know that stay on the road 24/7 everytime i talk to her she in the wind. EVERY
Too much AnR and RnK ... where's Duke?
Pooja Tu ne to mera Birthday bhi mujh se Cheen liya wow wow wau superb .
He's outstanding
Living
I slept all day and still so tired I swear always sick
My ovaries are jumping
I need some love too
Prepping for this phone interview. been awhile since had to interview for a job
Cant wait to get off so i can hit the gym this cardio is much needed
My Tights Rip Already
I want seafood
my head been hurting all day
is gonna FLIP my god adorable
Fuckkk bitch gon head !
cold as shit outside
maybe need a police force
guilt tripping, huh? i love emotional black mail. please more, so close
Was just about to tweet I like this new guy on shark tank! only to google and find out only a guest appearance
Story of my life
shut up
I have a bad habit of shopping online impulsively and be nice if I had someone to buy stuff for damn I want a man
My shoulders and back aching
cold outside rn finna go take this pt test
Itching for new choreo
Loved it
Man this Defense bruh
trying so hard not to go to bed now cause ima end up waking back up in a couple hours
This week is gonna be so long
about to be a long night
Dropping gems left and right omg SSKSKSK I lowkey want a tlic mashup I just know nicki would eat that beat
I need to find that post robin had I loved it
Buying my 3 mentors Louis Vuitton is hurting my pockets but worth it!!
WHO CARES
Aww bd be like I said you got some pretty teeth she the one called you ugly
Last night I got high as your expectations
God knows be happy regardless what i get
I wish
I wanna do ASMR videos I eat cute tf
Three years since he been gone. It feel real. I cant stomach this shit
I hate having to get up at 3:30
i know almost
i use to always say, never wear a wig. now over here trying different color ones on
sleep, where art thou?
Family guy got Prince on here I'm dying at whoever impersonating him
i use to always say, never wear a wig. now over here trying different color ones on
Place hot bad
worry. find something, they always do.
Why have I been so hungry lately
This week is about to be the busiest week I had in a while
Tiga hari straight
the song with NCT is lit even though I just listened the preview because I don't have apple music!
My school have fall break I seen any here so far have a fall break. I think all the
Girl FR fuck
Arwe done see he. So creepy, bent neck lady got him beat though
OMG those babies CANNOT get any cuter I smile all the way through this show every week, until one
THEN U GET IT GET IT GET IT
/
_/||
HIT IT HIT IT HIT IT HIT IT
\
Thank you Mide!! Not until next year. Both my jobs have blackout rules during the holidays.
I miss you
my boyfriend left not to long ago and I miss him already
I can't believe I'm still crying over that scene up until now
Sex flashbacks have you horny as hell in the most random places..
I wish I could wear those really cute shirts with the deep cut in the front. But the way this chest is set up
I just want a Dr Pepper and a pizza
EU QUERIA SER DO SEU
Hdm so bored
Girl me too everybody just done sucked the fun outta Twitter
not bitter
Trying to do it now
Update: they are super supportive! Love them
Why the big packaging tho?
Amber keeps touching her lips and I want to die
really wanted to go workout in the morning
I feel good and i just wanna lay up and be babied
Watching Jurassic world for the first time and I fucking cried when the long necks died other than that, this movie sucks
this has been a long day
scared to get a closure
Too heavy
Oh nooo I would sob like a baby
Not my mans brother nature
Something about Sunday that makes me so lazy
I have some, my nose stuffed up and I breathe when trying to fall asleep
I know man
I really wanna dress up for Halloween but not spending no money on that shit sooo
duh bestfriend , you deserve the world .. I could never let you settle for less .
Everything and I mean everything gets on my nerves... real talk
This is just plain frightening!
Somebody please tell me where your finding these men
Literally was at church 15 min and khloe got violently sick so know how my day been
I miss my sister cousin why I keep messing with her
I just wanna lay in the bed with some sheets fresh out the dryer cause a different type of feeling fr lol
So tired but sleep with Kas
Noooo missed special
My dick be hard for no reason . Nice to meet u
Look at her please, she could kill me and I'd say thanks
Greens delicious , dressing is amazing.. Lawd I did that man. understand
Life is so short bro . lost my grandma , stepdad , an uncles , a cousin , and a friend in the past 3 months
omg. I love my new co workers theyre so sweeeeeet
Soo tired of these sus ass nail shops... where can I get sets like this ???
no cause im not gone be here
thank you
i get upset whenever i think about it cause the day i change my twitter user over, we done
i wanna fall in love with a white girl see how that goes
Something about Sunday makes me so lazy
All these wack ass little dick dudes that keep trying to cross my path..smh help me
I low key want to cry rn . sooo tired of school
Last day of summer
That sounds amazing!
I even dip my fries in it
So tired but sleep without Kas
Need my hair done this week ! For my birthday like I want bundles but I want these locs
suffering I even listen right now a girlie is trying to be spooky and see Halloween but my tl quoting the songs is making me
I spent two days in the hospital and now I basically have to give up my first born to pay this bill
Weather got my skin tripping
My son sits on my bladder
i just wanna lay up in the dark with a playlist full of slow jams
now movies is still on the agenda along w/ a happy hour
so really to get off
the hate u give was so good
that floating man is so creepy
I know
so hurt I go to that concert
Just chillin til Victoria decides to like me again
this is the content i signed up for
From Publix
So Exhausted From Work And Then Coming Home To Cook
trying this Hennessy popcorn good
An actual goddess oh my goodness I wanna be like you but a girl is
about to watch or, should I not!
Oh you KNOW tryna link w these photo queens
I live in Vegas now
Shit yea any day
Finally home in my bed
i just want what i want
I wish I knew you were here been so out of the social media loop, I totally driven the
You Be Tryna Slide In My Dms I Peep But I Just Say Nun
Why can't a find a eng sub video of the un prep/behind the scenes came out like 16hrs ago thought there would be subs by now
FAST FORWARD TO NOVEMBER 2 PLEASE
my mom threw away my battery for my dab pen it really be ur own family
Just cause I love you and you love me, mean meant to be
interrogate ME, Rick
I want something warm.. like pozole
Can I just have a loyal, nasty nigga whose all about ME? That's all I'm asking for
My weekend is officially over
I Wish My Lips Was A Little Bit Fuller I Liove Nice Lips
i need more sleeping shirts
booking to go back to Disney real soon I miss it already
13 year olds at Breakout say things worse than this MAN FOH I GOT YOUR BACK BROTHER NATURE SAVE CANELA
Chile in the collard greens
Staying the week here at my mom's let's see if I can handle I miss my house already
Please stop! God watching!
Shout out to Jack, Annie, Buffalo, Red and Shadow Wolf
If I give you my number please call to much
been a really stressful week and I am finally starting to crash
Anybody wanna go out to eat!? I wanna go to outback
I'll try
Draw more pls
how do do this ridiculous traffic shit in Atlanta???
1 down, 2 more
So many people that do shit for me
Why did I even wake up at 9 when class is at 12
good question
Ima LOSE it if I see in Columbia man
That food Tyra cook was good asf
I need to figure out whose daughter family meeting come thanksgiving...
I need PLATES
so in love with my niece
Doctors be so damn rude luckily I get too many of those responses cause I gladly will go there with them
I aint ready for this weather at all
dead. Is that Trayvon martin?
Omgggg say that my face is AWFUL right now. never had acne this bad in my entire
My birthday coming up and I can't figure out what I wanna do
Literally the most torturous thing is walking out of the gym & smelling either or bamboo panda gimme alll the foooooood
moving back to Chicago in December
You fine ass fuck
Yea and I only have one idea for one The underwear and ear bit was an emergency choice. Halloween is hard work
my granny always said when her time to go her time .. but not ready for to go !! not .
i love a woman
Today has been a really ruff day
My NY friends trying to get me out. been posted all day! Not gonna be able to do it.
Oh shittttt noooo
This was the Eagles game for me.
Send Me A Bf
Niggas worry bout the wrong shit shit
Wat happened to payn bill. Fuck the nails and hair
ikr i want to get fcked omf but sadly i dont have anyone
about to sleep soooo good
not tired
i seasoned this steak just right
I love it
I wish I did that
sinead harnett is such a mood
Been up since 7 this morning im tired af & Gotta get up for work at 6 !!
Back to reality tomorrow
Last butternut squash from the garden
I miss my braces
He your QB? Lmfao. Mine is Mahomes
Oh naw. Teach your jits how to Crank Dat. I'm talking Soulja, Batman, Forrest Gump, etc.
Knowing the song is probably gonna drop while at work makes me
I was so excited for this month now over
Physically, mentally and just emotionally drained.
Me & 1 yr anniversary & my birthday fall on the same day & I seriously know what I want to do
Yep! That match will keep me going till the 23rd
Why tf is this bothering me so much
Me
can i also have a Chiz
Why are you so perfect?
Can I be drunk on my fav beach already
so tired and sleepy.
I want my babies to be like this
The 3rd picture made me crack up so cute though
Bruhhhh I tried to be the bigger person
Last butternut squash from the garden
Sdds mesmo
I want a boyfriend
iknoe that bitch scrumptious
ready to mail out my ballot tomorrow
This generation give a heck about anything.
Just take her please
Man Even tho I get paid tomorrow too
Mood = blunts and booty rubs
So excited for my ear to heal so I can get the scar covered with a tattoo
I need to find some Atlanta friends that like to have fun
Dang Daryl! Why did you have to bring up Glen, Abraham and Sasha?!?
Laying here debating if I should cook
Whyyy do I have the urge to get another puppy
speaking it to existence
man i wish i took some pictures cus i looked so damn good yesterday
so tired I just wanna sleep all week.
Trust me looked, not legal in VIC. Mine are useless to me too!
I know
What's more annoying is I have to manually change the time yesss everything for the boys I
I took some cute pics and annoyed bc .. I only had one hoop in
I felt this on sooooo many levels
Seriously this time around this baby ain't playing with kicking me down there to pee every second
I folded 5 towels & sat back down idk why so hot and dizzy . I guess the House getting cleaned on this here Sunday
Who under the table wit DOC?!
Why would i ever think drinkn crown was a good idea
Your daughter looks soooooo much like you im jealous my daughter looks like her dad!
I wait to sleep in my bed
my kiwi heart
I wanna do a position I tried before... but I feel like done them all
Boy Jacksonville had three shootings an 7 shooting victims today
i have to get this red one
karlisslut: Reblog if you want to have your way with me
A day at qc is not enough! I wanna go back to taft yet
omg wya lets go ?
I suck at charging my phone soon as it gets to 15% i take it back off
So much I hold in
i forgot to tell twitter. my back black missed this neutral side
got cute in so long
really pissed at how lame OITNB is OMG
Wow definitely! How you want your daughter to be with a white guy look how beautiful yuh and your people are
cause annoying
Meanwhile
be real we all knew he was gonna win
As much as I hateeee Huntsville actually happy to finally be back that drive no joke
Can't wait to leave for NC in two weeeks neeed a mini vacayyy ,
Auria brushes her teeth ALL DAY!
Put it in
Take It out
Eat It
Put it back in
Cause my microwave Be Wildn & My Food still be cold
This headache tho
really craving Shipley donuts rn
Friday come on
yeah, me too he said he saw or knew about them in 10 years right? But the hug he gave him at
Definitely want my mama to make some Mac and cheese next Sunday
they really not
I want to go to work tm
Damn Rick, you took me back to season one with that line
Nope, too scary. sit down and cry
Physically, mentally and just emotionally drained.
Real talk, I go through 3 different emotions in like a split of an hour..
Too late
Everytime i see suttn like this i think of Hassaan party lmao but that shit looks soo scary
"The big white lady" LMFAOO. But yeah that one ended last week
my back and legs hurt like a bitch
That fried rice look so good I gotta get me some tomorrow!
Wish you was still my neighbor
stomach hurts so bad
Same
My husband is so handsome!
This guyyyy
my boyf so cute
ever got head while blowing a wood && U drunk
Go to MEPS tomorrow
Food good asf get you a girl that can cook
I have to wait a whole month ....
Need a brown skin in my life
OMG Newcastle is so cold and windy really hope Liverpool is not like this
idk why, hella fine all I see is things to love not to hate
But I have work at that time next week. help a sister out!
beyond tired i been sleep in four days
wow I've just seen thisss but I like how she was all rough around the edges
the only problem is i have one pumpkin
karlisslut: Reblog if you want to have your way with me
bored af in this crib ready for my man to come home neoowwww!!
hate when my baby feel good ima take care of her though
know where I should surprise my boyfriend for his bday Miami or Cali?
me too && got nobody to talk to .. phone dry as hell
Crying.
Watching ratatouille alone because I miss my little
are tweeting about how good the new songs are but here i am lost because i cant freaking listen to it
Craving crab legs so bad g
How do I even start this
Time to study
A world where you have a lover and a friend you smoke eat fuck & get money with w no drama jus love
I just pray I have a daughter. Ima be extra asf with my little girl
Interior design is such a fascinating thing.
Venom is a good movie... ready for Halloween.
She gotta have some bomb ass pussy bro she has all the confidence in it
I needa find somebody that does lash extensions
never make fun of you or Katy, TX ever again
pce at its finest
i know man but i miss her wedding
this dam Defense has to do better man the scheme just work on a consistent basis
that's not what we're gonna do sis
My whole tl is confused about new song
AND THIS ONE THIS ONE!!!! GHAD I CANT CONTINUE MY HW NOW
I really can not WAIT! to do stuff like this with my kids
this man having a 2 for $20 piercing special & i work that day
Happy birthday wait until we finally go to BarBill Tavern together Never stop dabbing
Lmao i will show u pics of how they want it you will tell me what you think
Every beat you kill it ready for Fever
Being sick while pregnant is the worst, you take any medication
I need to do my academic Development and submit it before 9am please have fun on behalf of the both of us
Soo ready to get to my bed
Does everyone have a season where they spend way too much money?? Mine is fall and I am out of control
Power of the mind controlling my life
She said are like we rice over here
but none of the other milks even taste the same, I tried
so behind on This Is Us. i gotta get my life together
Ughhhh, I Fucking Love Her
All this new growth my hair look 5months old y I never get braids
Last time with was Essex. This time jags. Lol. These boys man
I just want a pretty little lady to spoil
really not into taking pictures anymore
It's ridiculous
craving some fried catfish
i'm soft now. "eternal" roommates sound like a soulmate/reincarnation thing indeed
No unfortunate Especially working at the ice cream place
feel like getting my clothes
But we gotta remember. Bey went through a phase also.
Me toooo I pay too much attention to like ya fingernails and shit one time I was admiring a nigga vacuum
Niqqa u making girls horny on a school night
so hyped man too bad be in school when it comes out. try not to be on my phone when it
Thank you for replying. I am just nervous never had to have any type of surgery done before
I need someone to tell me que hay comida en la casa cause I was doing so well
I usually do long blonde hair for my birthday but tired of wasting $400 on weave that I wear for 4-15 days and throw it out
Them turtles brownies dumb good
Missing my baby and second family already.
a stop playing
This is so cute
0/2 this weekend. Bucks and Browns.. its a sad sad weekend
It's fancy, kudos for the style points, but OOF, that scaling.
The war between being hungry and too tired to get up and make anything to eat.
this brother nature and what has he done?
wait to get home
I need a gym partner lol all my friends go to golds
Bcs we're not vip members. Lol
The uncut has an extra 12 min. Air time.
OD bro omm.. let me treadlightly before my account is deleted
So I got in my twitter account after years lol
Whenever Americans come to my house I gotta let them know, is not a paper plate, plastic cup
impersonation of Contessa lmao
Wish I was going home to a good home cooked meal
You know as soon as we start loving an item they take it discontinue it
I need all the attention baby
Might go to Delaware next year im undecided
I fw La Michocana heavy af
you just blessing my tl huh bre ?
Cant wait to see my girl, we need this vacay frfr
motivation to get this bread is escape next weekend
I need a massage...my body so sore
My hair is growing too thick & too fast really outta control
My birthday month has been the absolute best started off rough but gonna end great
been reading this book all day. My eyes hurt now. Damn getting old.
like an alternative universe where they are both well and thriving
a trap
Watch it be for money
yall dont know how frustratingggggg it is to want to physically harm someone but u cant reach them
I really got a taste for some hot wings
She always has to be right next to him my achey breaky heart
so ready to get this tat next month man
when u finally have a lit insta story and want it to expire! 24 hours my ass give me 48 bih
My BD probably got me pregnant Friday night......but ima just pray on it at this point
I really decide between classic or boneless wings right now
I hate that niggas really be offering to take me to go eat crab legs I be wanting that meal so bad but tf I
Why does this man keep performing Trip
been unpacking my clothes for four hours someone send help
First time I got to sit down all day
I was just saying this
OMG A MUSTANG JUST BEAT ME IN THE BEEMER
you dont need to be handsome when you got that serial killer charm
i want a daughter
was talkin that shit on I felt sis
I been wanting cupcakes everyday
Ff to next week please
I was losing followers I had to delete it
U wanna love the world but the world wanna love you
really wanna do a love/sex/relationships podcast but bermuda too small. people too judgy
I guess I'm chicken dinner
Like getting a headache wtf
sorry I need it
I know Tommorow I need to go get a oil change and Walmart also
Girl so excited! I just hope a super chub like I was lmao!
I left my bed since I got home I missed it so much!
what you cook ?
When the Lyft or Uber driver hands you the aux & a leaf automatic 5 & a tip!!
they were holding hands the whole time
KCJKSKX your user literally has joon in it
smile just melts my heart
queen naija is living her best life OSRS i wish i had a man like clarence
8-2 then 2 hair appointments tiredddd
been twerking, cleaning, & doing hair damn near all day.
The Sex be so fire when feelings that eye to eye contact
Swear to GOD seeing some of the baddest bitchess in my life I know who to choose
YERRRR BOUSIN
so indecisive on how I want my hair
Soooo my friend (we use to talk) just called me with the I need my ass ate. You gon eat it for
the fact that she spelled "hideous" as "headeus".. oh my god, someone pray for this girl. she is not thriving.
yes I mentioned to view at your own risk. I shake the image either
playing this time . My body is already sore , but I had SO much fun
obsessed
Or my cats tail
But I have that kind of energy anymore
This right
omg how are you so beautiful plz teach me
fl struggle
Everyone needs a jet black wig
Proud of you
I really got rid of my last friend shit b crazyyyy
what thinking
I loveeee crab legs
the colorist mindset but shocked so open about it on tv
alskaksk I just knew get yelled at some of my mutuals just understand
Man I had so many burn CDs growing up
Then lets do something spooky? Like univeral studios... trying to die here
Austi always has a way of bringing me back down to earth she really my other half always looking out for me
Normal again less drama and longer relationships
not gone have no edges keep putting all that frontal glue on it protective shield works just fine !
Ready to move in my apartment tryna avoid getting a UHaul cuz they be taxing but ugh seems like ima have to get one
Feeling this drink i made
For everything
I have these curls in my head again and i look like a kid
Maaaaaan I really hate dilemmas
The devil is fucking busy
bitchhhh I'm tired
I. AM. HOLLERING.
I think I just broke my brother. He wont stop playing Mobile Legends
some Olive Garden sounds good right now
They like the 2 most positive ppl on here
Mess lol well either way pray I do. 1.6 billion. playing my first lottery
Wingstop sounds fucking good rn
Yo soy igual tlj
Damn this hella cute.
I was eating DIP
hardest choice in a minute.. Alexios or Kassandra
really really cause im losing my mind fr
I like when Frank or Fiona have their shit together season 8 of shamless is so boring
Pero na-late sa office
Dear future husband waiting for you
I been in the same spot all day
Really my fault
just started watching Sevon Seconds and so good
My lil brother say the wildest things
Knowing you have to wake up at 6 am for work sucks
going home to come back
gon head queen, waiting on mine
Still awake cause am sooo nervous for starting placement in 6 bloody hours
I wish, got hella rejected
I knew it was going to rain because it felt too good out here
so many songs
I have to get use of the iPhone XS Max, this phone huge with a case on
i need a puppy
i need new mutuals
This is so frustrating.
How excited my cousin was to see my aunt today was such a beautiful moment I remember the feeling of my mom
When I woke her up and she kept waking up all crazy saying I was dying
facts tho
a Gemini, he act like one
Obsessed with new album
you should really stop saying things like that because you know i have a dirty, twisted ass mind
When the A side run out in the middle of a song had to pop it out and flip the
need to start my college essays
Omg me too We were in car and I had to keep breathing hard or else I palued in his car
You say that now.... cute in the beginning, but 7 months-8 months, so uncomfortable
Kris got me food and a necklace best sister ever
I gotta learn how to say no and stand by it when it comes to my daughters
This Weekend Was Definitely LIT
Some cake rn would be amazing fr but no just my heart atm
i wish u can find out who calling private
more hurt than I am anything
Tryin to raise a puppy with someone
This on an off cramping needs to gooo bouta take this medicine an be out
walking to safeway to get me some ice cream and wine
, drinking is really my go to for everything i drink sooo much everything taste like water & juice
The Hate U Give was so good I cried the whole movie
anyway im currently blasting beyonces performance at coachella and it made me feel better Ugh her power
I used to hit the gym everyday who have a become
think ready for a bae
The women that was close to you during all your ups and downs be the one for you
Out of nowhere I started craving pizza
the difference a forehead can make
I wait to fw a Real Nigga
Can I be in New Orleans already for voodoo fest?
My suegra packed me some arroz con leche to take home if that love
Finally back home from Baguio. Already missing the cool weather
I got the heat on
Thank goodness the have only scored once .. these shots of Gin gone have me bent
my kitchen smells like smoke from me falling asleep with food cooking and now my garage smells like smoke
I should really learn to listen to my mama.
my skin would be crawling I freak out when aria goes to her grandmothers house
beyond exhausted
TWO THIRTY AM whose house alarm is going off on a SUNDAY night sorry getting robbed but bitch tf
Man quite depressing being back in Jackson from California
disrespectful
she is so totally gross i feel cheated.
Time goes by soo slow when I'm waiting for you...
Watching Pusha T interview on Joe podcast & this mf diamond eternity wedding band he has is fire
Got til March to lose 50lbs
come home honey
Periodddddt going up when I come back to the land I miss you too
Rick grimes pull out game has really been strong like wow
So much shit I got to do for the gender reveal
My real nails so long and healthy they feel like fake nails
cold asf outside
One of the very few places I would like to visit is Dubai
We getting impatient
What i do this time
Why is Oliver so needy today
Missing the beach more than ever right now. My heart even hurts a little bit
I been looking so ugly lately when I say this shakeback feena be real, I mean it
Man take me back to High School
rather be with you & all your bs
had this in forever
my boy is about to be miserable out in the field lol but ima miss his annoying ass
Everybody engaged, married and/or having babies...
Dang, I feel some type of way
I really adore fat trel
I Need A Massage
Yes baby slay me
Wish I was laid up
Lmfao the facial expression is what got me.
idc!! i miss him he gotta come home like now
My Girls Made Me Proud Today Congratulations To Us
when shorty bout a bagg i swea a turn on
just switch to the lgbt side already , b ready
ooOoh my smol beans
Aki and I really ain't shit
my only nigga Michael proud get job taken care
Needs Me !!
U know your getting old when 9:30 is the latest you can truly hang
I just wanna lay down
I ready
loving these cold nights and all i wanna do is cuddle
When the diesel reeking out the jar
Thunder are sooooo good championship year baby
Tuck never misses
Me waiting for the album and my shirt from the website
My hobbies include listening to music & scrolling through puppy pictures! This is top pick!
ayy papi~ hahaha wait depends on what rank you are. I only accept 5 stars and above
Almost like putting tramon Williams on Maquise Goodwin
i miss my shordy
i ate Canes in so long
Jesus Christ
im running out of words
Whhyyyy yuh never call meeeeeeeee?????????? Mi just a wake
That shower got me all relaxed and comfortable
want cinnamon rolls
:^)
EEK. WHY YOU NEED THREE JOBS BB REST. WATCH HAMILTON. LEWD IT OUT.
Only one tik tok I will give wholesome attention to and that's the hit or miss cosplay girl
9 months pregnant I can see the end of the road 30
Days or less... preferably less!
Who send me to taste this salmon
Just put Halloween costume on & i seriously can not take the cuteness!
how sick I am rn a joke
She was the victim!! I still stand Affleck to this day because of that role he even ruined Batman for me.
exactly
People are nice af in Miami offering me help to get the shot I want. Shoutout to you guys!!
Man he gon love u even mo than he already do
im running out of words
School is stressing me out rn.
almost wanted to be loved enough to have a surprise party
A year later and still fucked up
My hair appointment is Friday & I wait
probs not until mid november but if still interested then, then sure!!
I mean.... its impossible if theyre not seeing Malaysia in the map cos we are at the fucking center
have trypophobia but that edit was so unnecessary leaving it been a better choice
They still posted
I love feeling ears... habit that had since I was young
Nixxas eat shit in my house without pepper on it or in it
maybe what we want always what we need . & what we need what we want . I always want what i
Twilight got me into that shit
tired of being at the doctors every week , tired of blood exams & everything else
I even see the syncs in dreams
why does my stomach always hurt when im nervous
Wish I could get my eyebrows done
I still have two midterms to finish by tomorrow & I just cannah
Wassup gone stop playing
Our pictures turned out so good I miss my man so much
Yes me too. I gotta be extra
I CANT WAIT TO HAVE KIDS (I can but I OMGGG
Ooooh that Japanese Mario 64
and are being some hoes rn
Sacramento Kings +10
Outright winner, NBA wins again.
Sun NFL 0-3 with 1 pending
I need someone to start going to the movies w me, all the good ones keep passing me by
Fact say I know all the words Spoonaz
it feels so much later than it is
Me tomorrow morning
Am I too old for an easy bake oven or that one Icee maker thingy?!?!
I wanna go see Williams baby but i get that baby sick I love tiny babies . I just be wanting to rock them
Is burn the stage really coming to Netflix bc I rather not have to go to the theater and deal with 60 screaming tweens
If I ever die I deeply feel it'll be cause of a car accident idk why
I want some home cooked food miss my granny so much man
shut up this is TOO cute
so happy I was born African like I see myself being anything else SO FUCKING LIT
Can't sleep chale, so bad
ugh i just need it to be 10 already
far from perfect but perfect for you
I wish I had bora bora money
3/6 punanis in one room = big wet energy
Its crazy im still nauseous
Lmaooo and everyone is think my daddy is the meanest person ever
Me when the blunt hit back
Fricken dreamt that I was drinking and smoking a fatty then I texted that dream to my SIL but it was meant for my husband
Weekend went by too fast!
You and me both! gonna break the internet. Twitter is gonna be one big glitch when is released
the weather changing and im getting sick
Can I start my classes yet? so done working in food!
now to go pick up my baby from my house, i miss him
BROTHER NATURE IS NOT CANCELLED TO ME
\
( (>
_/ \_
Girl same
I hatched and Mr. Mime but had no luck with Kangaskan
why am I blushing
I have to write this paper, I forgot all about it
i hate the cold .. & it's only the beginning
i been craving a torta for so long , i need to go get one
I have a headache
Maybe just .... order non RX contacts and bring glasses
been sleep for the last few hours & still wanna be bothered.
brickkkkkkk out here
No, sometimes you just have to suffer
Clip sales are such a turn on
OMG WHAT!!! throwing my shit out as soon as I get home
I can be with this man all day and as soon as he leave I get all sad and shit
Where's time control, run & gun, emergency, phoenix, metal....there are bunch of good songs but sm decided to keep it
have some running around to do tomorow , after i drop Khamari off
The ending I love love this show!!
Hell yeah been out the way lol imma slide out there soon. I know was lit
I really need to get my tickets
my boss got me korean face masks from Korea never leaving this job
I hope this week goes by fast
I literally hate myself. I HAVE to start being more strict with my eating habits
It be so cold in here
This boy really adores the hell out of me
We made ceviche , my tia is making pozole, and my cousin made caldo de res food coma for sure
That would so help
Why did I leave the blow dryer
I wanna go to the beach
This the cutest shit ever seen
I need to go see Halloween.
What is that song called?
never related to something so much in my life!!!
every time. & why when I fail, I never tell her bc I wanna hear told you
U sound like me, now
Missed the Pirelli US Grand Prix
Am I really this old?
Sometimes I want to have another baby, but perfectly content with what I have now, too. So how will I ever decide?
I need a drink ! Too much on my mind
omg sis help me?
I know legit adopting him!
not doing my hair for no more appointments cuz nigga you about to fuck it up anyway ....pull on this bonnet matter fact
No, it's not insanity, it's beautiful. You have a beautiful mind omg I want to be like you someday
ALL THE WAY BACK
If only I could get my stomach this flat
wait for my little mini vaca/turn up
I need some seafood rn
Thank you doll, It is completely bizarre there isn't one!
Vcs lindas dmssss
I. Ate. So. Much.
My step mom holds me down ODEEEE
Just YES to all of this! He looks so good
gonna wear wigs until my hair grows back
im breaking out so bad, i need to stop stressing
Milwaukee This Week & Not Excited
Literally fighting this pain medication
My ass is so fucking fat. Thank God my family has good ass genes
I Want Me Some Fye Ass Head From A Bitch They Always Get The Job Done
Cesar has truly seen me at my worst love him
Sha was sending bitches to get cleaned out
Dunkin Donuts hot chocolate is so good
Anyway, I'm finally applying for that job I want to do next year. Fingers crossed
time for me to get a boyfriend but I like nobody
If im not home im at work i be so boredddd
Ready to get home take me a hot shower, eat, and get in my bed.
still October?
wanna online shop so bad.
i really do this cooking shit
Missed the Big E and that was the last fair near me
I believe falling behind on watching The Walking Dead. What is happening to me?
15. Ed Sheeran could ruin my life
wait to get my lashes done
look at this
Then I work practically all week
Shmood
Son I really miss no more days of class but I still feel like trash
I think I fumbled the bag
always dreaming of you, whyyyy?
With his loader
Did you see any swaddles for a baby girl ? having such a hard time finding some
my phone is finna be so pretty
I want some taco soup
I have the suds
How are you so cute and cool at the same time I wish we were friends not?? and if you wanna be friends
the people who try to play dumb games with me on the freeway... PLEASE don't bc I have road rage and will get that ass
hollering she acted just like her
he can eat me with them idc
sword momma too fast
and then if you add a Legendary Hector blessing onto that, that's 66
My nerves gonna be bad for the next few days. I hope people just leave me alone
Just wish i could vent & let it out spill out but i feel like i vent enough already im tired of the same shit
a nice view
yea
I Just Ate Some Alfredo Now I Want A Burger Somebody Need To Help My Greedy
Damn Monday already back to the basics . Work work work
The streets really force ab to grow up sad
Being sick while taking care of 2 kids no joke
I had to dig this tweet after Shame Mann.
Okay. I'll come with you
Wish I was at the beach right now sipping on some coconut water
I feel this on a spiritual level
I want a
I never folded so many little pieces of clothes in my life
I wait till Friday already
we truly underestimated him
so sad and happy at the same time I love this
I just wanna be snuggled up next to my girl
Why Harkins doing me dirty
& guess what biiih Eli started his loc journey don't mind the gauze in his mouth we just left the dentist
please let me retweet this gold
I caught feelings again but I want them but like I want him. Man drop everyone for him
Everybody keep telling me try lemonade braids or high ponytail I really like lemonade braids but high
Think finna get back on Twitter in delete my Facebook
my car should be done by next week
This mf ENERGY
really sad that this fur i want is sold out bro
Relaxxx the end of the season ranks lol
His ass literally made me cry on my fuckn break!
This weekend is gonna be so stress free
i was just with bails and baby EJ and i miss them both right now
I cannot wait for my baby to get here, I miss him so much wtf
getting my nails done tomorrow, my hair done Wednesday... so glad
I h8 u I help my days I had to work when let me
the next one ??
been so long since i saw it too a classic!
never thought say this but... i miss san antonio
When sick istg the biggest baby in the world
You were destined to be my daddy you abandon me now
it looks so good
I made it that far yet I had to pause to take the dogs out haha at Jay and poochie talking about
I lie I fuckin miss her
day 1 back in the gym
Crystal- Stevie Nicks will forever get to me
Photogenic
I feel bad for my friend I wanna go to the trial
And as soon as we leave, I have to drop him off and go to work I even cuddle with my baby after his shots knowing he will be sore
so damn lit & got work In the am
Ill do everything but stay home i love to go out
My aunt is having boy twins I want twins so badddd lmao. If I get any, having 1 kid. it. If even.
Ughhh not a day goes by where I feel like an extraterrestrial
Girl yes!!! Watch them not even last me a month plus I got my roommates hooked
Facts
I love animals so much
Gusto ko ng bicol express.
Lol can you get me some rice
I wanna see Arlene and Leslie already they put me in such a good mood
i let my 6 year old cousins play pocket camp on my phone for FIVE minutes and those greedy mfs spent all 800 of my leaf tickets
After working a double today all I need was a hot shower, home cooked meal, and my bed I feel so relaxing now
Need some fruit so I can make me some water up
Wish there was someone be down asf to get food with me at all times of the day cuz a Bitch be fuckin hungry man
whose mans
They Done Made KD Mad
Thought you was Frank Ocean for a second
Parkway grill me pls
Everybody on the wave been needing me a pair for the longest
Worse feeling ever when you wanna talk/vent and have no one to call
I DONT SUBTWEET IF IT WAS ABOUT YOU I WOULD HAVE TAGGED YOU
holy fuck
Bro I remember a few of them were special characters in RDR Online. I swear to god if they show in RDR2 going to nut
been craving seafood all day
My shit really matted to my head
I really want some ice cream
i cant wait til tuesday
Favorite character
i work two jobs tomorrow i need all my rest !!
My husband gotta have me out the country often
bro i fw cold weather ready for spring
I wish my friends did hair.. but nooooo they just wanna suck dicks..
Idk enough about air signs and he has so many
Aww, too sweet babe! Thank you! and yes we should talk more. My dms are always open!
Tis the season to freeeeze your a** off
Im sooo damn tired and I already took a 3 hour nap
My lil charlie i love my stinko to death 4evaaa
you honestly know how bad i cry every time i hear that song man.
Wish to get drunk on Goddess piss
If she find out texting her pretty sure she gonna kill me
This mommy is WORN OUT!!!! Suuuppppeerrrr EXHAUSTED
Okay cole okay have to go this hard for us but you did
No no this was not what a thought it was
God damn I wait for mine
*gets removed*
Me: "noooo...not them. Just make them change"
When am I gonna learn...it don't work like that
First week over and damn my feet are killing me!
I wanna go to work tomorrow
Why am I so tired and hungry
ughhhhHHHHH this is so long so have to dye it again??
Story of my life be so good, just know when to stopppp
bruhhhh I just want it to stop telling me that Shit when taking a video . they make an
Watched this vid the other day and i thought the same too! the real Princess!! Oh and her accent is lovely
I gotta Bitch now and she thick asl
Finger having joint pain how to work like this
Someone write my essay for me
Hate that I don't have a computer to edit on
Why is this my parents when I tell them doing something like this for Halloween
Honestly
This is WAY better than any of the Mexican food you ever find here in the states.
Omg. Food here is trash.
I swear
My girl takes care of me fr ily
debating if i rlly feel like driving back innr city
in the awkward stage of fat and pregnant and I hate it
But why??? so good
Brownies for dessert.
God this pisses me off so bad and I hate waiting. Why am I so impatient?
Bitches leave out
yes omg a giveaway of my president and from the UK
i needed more than 7 songs
too cold to do anything that has to do with outside
Lol heyyyyy & yes changed my profile picture in forever gotta get around to that
& this phone only on 30%
I had a day off since last Monday. I am dying
I have deep conditioned + oil treated my hair. Then slicked it in a braided bun. Bun gods be in my favor for two weeks with 2 touch ups
Happy birthday, Baby boo aka to my happy pill! stay jolly, sweet and clingy please a joker guys!!!!)
so mad I just found out I gone to pancho barraza
back to reality tomorrow
Omg her little dance
Lmaoooo even if he did have Twitter be blocked like on everything else
Honestly it would kill you it has murdered lexa
why does my skin only clear up for a few so over it i just want clear skin man :(
I miss the penthouse
LITERALLY you thanks queen
Karma a bitch
We just now waking up
Last night
i just want someone to be obsessed with me
Ugh I need more info
not sure .. but seeing yours might be soon
I be having so much to do
How tf did I do it without having a car before?? someone pick me up and go get tacos on me.
If I tell you that I love you then you do nothing wrong
Me & MyBitch So Close I Be Fina Tell Her About My Other Bitch
eto oh, good morning heneral
I hate that I only keep to myself sometimes cause people always think rude when not
Shumpert had 27 tonight...foh!
if you want me to read your mind use correct spelling
3lau, big sean & zedd were all so amazing yesterday
ready to go on dates, carve pumpkins, go on adventures, steal hoodies .. all that
saying tho
I Got A Hangover bitchhhh Why on my 3rd paragraph & I copy all of it from google this is horrible
This why I b no mom ion b knowing what to do
Remember in 9th grade Khalil sent me a love note and ms proverbs ask me fi read it out to the class, I felt so sorry for the kid
Oh how I miss it
I thought I was the only one yo!!! Niggas had me thinking it was a medical issue!
my head is pounding
Rusty has never left that building
I tried. The line was so long that the game ended before I got one.
Why do I love to psychoanalyze everything
I really hope my clothes come this week like
School tmmrw
Niggas shooting tonight. They mad cause it got cold as hell real quick. I feel you bro, I'm mad bout it too.
I really wanna go to a haunted house but I stay at work at night I wish they opened at like 8am
imma be on the BET Awards one day, so many ppl believe it too
i need to go buy a turtle neck
ugh, I miss you
I wish I can see boys more agian
5 paychecks
yess
Someone come over and keep me company
A Party... During GHOE.. Ima Let Think Bout That One And Just The Kickoff Lawddd
wait to go zip lining in Jamaica omg
Idk how I want my hair
Please return to early SoundCloud Pump this is so ass
Bro not really goin switch on nobody bro I do wanna blow though I know u talkin bout my retweet
guess watch this is us
Tiquito beio vente a
wait to go home thursday
Want to see Halloween this week
If I could end every night like last night
THIS WHY I WANT A BOY
hER GIGGLE
Most definitely thought I was going to Trism tonight my leg will not stop aching
so beautiful but i'm a thalassophobia
Sis too much
Ima slide to Durham one dayyyy this week
I love lupita and Jared
2:41am shattered n hardly had any sleep with a very busy day ahead
I really just be tweeting to tweet lmfao no meaning or hidden meaning behind my shit. be direct if I needed to
Why is this both me???... I only get a sprite, breakfast or fries tho
so nice !
Zaxby line long af
I cant believe my fb got hackedddd
I can fuck you yea cool but let me talk to u and make luv to your mind
Why did all the lecturers have to talk about crucibles this week?
I had my lashes or nails done in a month. I miss being spoiled.
I should not be awake at this hour hate not being able to sleep- especially when you have lectures all day tomorrow
I just want to watch Halloween Town
I think it was just the thought of gonna have this shit for the next 40
i need some new friends but not the friendly type
imma be so sore in the morning I can feel it already sore af now
really over
You know me so well
had pappadeaux three times this week.. why poor and my pants too tight
honestly im just finna block u stop blowing my shit up
Super jealous my sister got a puppy
Just found out I left my metal straws too. Whyyyy
like drained af from everything but i just feel so clear minded and unmoved
Me right now trynna shoot my shot
Back up on my school work , no free time to myself , stressed tf out , taking care of everybody but ME
I would cream my panties if my nigga ever looked at me like this
Or lemme see the tampon weird ass niggas
ready to take my bath & gts I am tired
i'm so happy right now , i really feel like a weight has been lifted off of my shoulders .
Grrrrr so many vids to edit
Some boys will do anything for attention YOU MFS EXCITE ME
I tell, your English is great I wish I could write/speak another language so fluently
Scrolling pictures,music,different color backgrounds all that
I wish I was rich enough to buy everything from the Cravings collection, so gorgeous
going to see at UT tomorrow? be by myself
oh dear you aren't asleep you're gonna be tired x
This is just awful... season is over... seriously suck so bad... and the are having a god awful season
lollll corny
She dead, almost dead. Abby is the only survivor because she is the evil master mind
This is gonna take a while to process, but clearly I will go sailing no more
wHo are armys here pls dm me. im so right now! :(
That epidural got my damn back hurting in this weather
Help, hes adorable
:
Wow... I definitely needed to see this
Not understanding how I put my phone on DND and still getting notifications when ppl call
Number one playlist to follow by number 1 PROD. Too much heat
I hope not we still got 3 months. he just so big.
the best edge control to get
yes? No? When? Lol
the lights, the music.. soo relaxing
P.s i know i only got one sock on
Are you talking to any girl like in general? Te quieting conoser Know me
I need cute office clothes that make me look like a
I answer my phone and put it on cause this gal can talk
I cant get with cheetah print on certain things. for example shoes lol
always cute
So Tired Lord
lord, lemme take my ass to bed
My heart
I wait to live in a house like this with the loml
these lines at hhn are no joke
Vans called me after work to come in for an interview this week likeee know how much I want that job
I been wantin one for years ... thought i was the only one
i just want a bunch of roses
Sleep plz find me so exhausted
I need the weekend to start over not trying to be an adult tomorrow
I literally been wanting pizza the last couple days and Guess What Micah Brought me Papa
be on again
Wow skipped right over more and cut me where deepest. ily... mostest????? Gah
judge me .. going through some things
Wet man
I know not that old and a millennial.
really cute
ya no I cannot make her mad again the feeling is real guys
I have an interview tomorrow for my business class and my anxiety is kicking in
im gonna be here one day i have to go
did not leave BR sober
Hehehe that too !
Tired fw w these lame niggas baby I just need a thug
My meal prep takes forever tho
So ready to pay up this car note the only major bill I have .. so blessed that I have to pay rent .
[]They all sound so good
We here! Just over
head ache!!!!!!!
such a scary cat tho scared Ima pass out during child birth and surgery I catch anxiety quick !
Teryl Austin is a horrible DC
Cowboys lost
Baby shower
this will probably my last reminder to all you mutuals to stream Dont Wanna Cry
My Emotions are getting to me..
stg before rocky kill her
way colder in sa then Houston
power!
I wanted to work on one of my aus tonight but my wifi is so bad that I have to use data to send a dm
Brady is decked in Mickey Mouse from head to toe even his bobo and diaper
First time at Red hope good, cause starving
not even fuckin around, cutting off left and right!! One more year till college
all out of the loop
Broooo this is so tight
our generation and society is so scary now a days, there one day where you be scared of what will happen
very thrilled to already be in bed. very thankful for heating pads
Girl fr I wait to hear voice
I wish i could get that plate
My back hurts
The sound of an AnGeL
Phosphorylase kinase kinase phosphorylates phosphorylase kinase but who phosphorylates phosphorylase kinase kinase?
Damn messing shit up
Her being so excited to see me today made me literally cry
fuck now i wanna buzz my hair
Blue, I have a grey one already. I kind of like white too tho.
[] so hard to choose
Leida play about her coinzzzzzzz really out here telling Eric not to pay child support
craving tamales w some champurrado
I just woke up and forgot going to out tonight
So grateful for my mom my brother and I have been extra broke so been giving us leftovers knowing we been buying groceries
too excited bout this
I know talked about it and a few other ppl idr
Sooooo this what niggas be into when supposed to be in the dice game???
people really like me
It ended much better in my opinion
My friends understand how tired i be
Lolll na not the same persons
Lamborghini dreams, but you still drive a Hyundai
ready for this year to be over because ready to have new Game of Thrones and Brooklyn 99
All of them
bro hhhhh ride is freaking amazing
I gotta send out these the soon
I need to go to the nail salon ASAP
Never been so scared in my life
I think I had an anxiety attack and I'm so sorry for people that go through this a lot
YO GABBA GABBA I miss you
smh ion have nobody to steal my hoodies this year
Oh no he
I shot at my first buck ever this weekend and missed But Dale was so proud it was like I shot a massive state
I just want it to be April so I can go back for my appointment with my surgeon
liking what I see
Smh you really be to much faithful ppl take advantage of that shit
Dang, man. not available here until midnight.
my parcel was dispatched to the store last Monday, where is my parcel? Help
Almost finished Jane the virgin. so sad
The Hate U Give was sooooooo fucking GOOD my eyes got watery so many times but I cry
I miss the summer in Atlanta when i use to drain the fuck out of that dick I need to have that again
Raising canes is so overdue
Just wish it can go away a lil faster
need my lashes done
God truly blessed me, when he gave me
make me expose you bitxh too busy Lyrical Queen
They have the best ranch
My heart
Mahomes is pretty good bra n im a fan he looking way better than DC right now smh
I explain this feeling
shoot your shot... i will not reply so not interested in anybody
you too?
Working at Deka is not for me son I mean the pay good buttttt the shift and being away from my baby is the hardest part of it all
I just wanna go home and hangout with at this moment. Enjoy holiday which I know that I
been doing way too much. My plate is full
and are in NY!!!
ayyyyyyy
but wait, the max is 20?
his ass is fucking fat big bitch b trynna lay on me I b suffocating
Ahhh bih PERFECTLY OKAY the damn surgeon responsible for this???
Kaiden Make Sure We Read A Book Every night, we running out of books
Girl I need to get my hands on this ASAP honey
I messed up by taking a damn 3 hour nap. Now imma be up all damn night
I see any of the millionaire scammers talking about Bitcoin on this fine Sunday.
Can someone buy me a cookies auto rolling box for my birthday im tired of struggling wit my joints
I just want Kansas City to blow this lead so I feel as bad
I wanna get married and have kids already
My hair is growing so muchhhh I love it happy I have good hair
Can my friend hurry back from the DR
Why does my hair have to look its best when I gotta wash it?
The sweetest thing ever seen
wait. there was 1.
Mir im really not ggg
really missing the Dominican and my braids
Before i put it in i smack her ass
My mom even have to kill that teriyaki chicken like that
And forces to me to eat things I want even after I say no I want them
i really need a makeup drawer
this fire hot asf
itching for some new ink
Hard to pick when tracks 1-14 are all bops
my head hurting so fucking bad.
a problem with SoundCloud rn which is why my song uploaded but be played by anyone hopefully
Oh my goodness look at themmmm
My night is getting out of control
I want 7leaves so so sooo bad rn but they only have them in SoCal
been too long
im mean or im an ass
I just wanna be stress free
last game half court westbrook game winner
foreal girl
I been wanting some lamb chops and loaded mashed potatoes with asparagus so bad but be tired af when I get home
Stressed to the max, why do things all happen at once
CAN I GET SOME HEAD OR SUMM DAMN
I have pretty teeth and pretty lips
It must be something in the air cuz everyone is being difficult
Still ass
Done w| my quiz food then sleep
Say That SISSSSS
I need new Hanes
I had to pick which one to stop doing I had to put the wood down
You can say that again
I just want to love food someday because I literally hate eating
20. not to be predictable but south korea (aside from that id love to go to osaka!!)
I hate having heartburns
And i miss u again
My boyfriend is so caring and really listenings to me like sooo fucking genuine and to me sexy af
I wish I could be like cardi b and send people to beat up some bitches for me
Brownies and ice cream
so proud of myself lord keep helping me push through
i really wish trent gtf outta my faceee rn
YOU CAN SAY THE N WORD IN FRONT OF ME !!
\
( (>
_/ \_
Gonna miss Tennessee & my friends
I been waxing pussies for a year now
intellectual conversations
tired and full & still gotta meal prep when i get home
89- You sweet differently, your smile is gorgeous .
I need one tree hill in my life I need to hurry and finish anatomy first though
WANT to go to fiddlesticks and a haunted house so baddddd
somebody bring me ice cream
literally .5 inches from the front door
Nice!! But sad at the same time poor Connor
My back is killing me
Please bae
crazy because I be the one starting it
Shawty boosting my avi
already sleepy fuck
Working 12 days straight!
I thought it was a movement
Came to Miami, the boys are in Europe
Goes home, they will probably be back in a month or so
And sissss was out here loooking good
Damn I had both of these
Finally in bed after a long day! My feet hurt tired and bloody freezing now time to warm up and get
How many rts for someone to get me this
a broke bitch who just wants this beautiful hoodie
I see them on her page.
We use to come out to this for a bball games I'm old as hell
I really wanted to like & support Rel, but trash. Been watching every Sunday, faithfully but I do it anymore!
Aww I have stretch marks on my boobies
lets get this banh mi
lorrrddd, i just want a redo on everything but my son
Help I have no motivation to do my homework
Lol, those accents be having me weak and ready to make one of mines honestly
we just have moments and then all good after. trade him for anything though i love him too much
i need a car uber get all my money
Tomorrow is Monday
I read that too! Lots of people wear the wrong size bra
Lmfaoo I like their jeans I place an order by mistake n learned the hard way
I have been riding in my pops X5 and I hate it feels so weird to me...
ion think one will hurt
I want to watch a scary movie/series on Netflix, but not sure how good of an idea it is being alone
Girl the only thing I miss about high school
crying b/c it went through everything w/ me also because I need to blow dry my hair
Way to flirt bro
And I am missing in this gala right now
real shit though
You wrapped me so hard you played all ya cards right
Why am I addicted to bubble gum and lollipops
Wow my love does all these things
Annoyed at its best
reply dia
So apparently allergic to my dog? I guess going to start taking allergy medicine daily now. Just
34) ok come on boys just try
35) since mid 2012!!
36) everything b1a4 releases also ze:a spectacular also non
i love my skin color my hair my body i just love everything about myself
I just wanna be rich
Tired of feeling like this
the thing I miss the most about university you ask? The breaks 2 reading weeks, 4 month summers and 1 month Christmas breaks!
We used to be like this
Omg sorry
the sweetest thing ever..
Found out my sister is pregnant so torn with her news and finding the right time to share my
Wish I could sing!
Okay we get it,,, ur freaking fire
my friends tell me to leave the situation alone and i do everything but that
Plus im late asf to class but it shouldnt matter because its my seat
You better not but honestly I blame you... my own kid gives me baby fever
I can never decide on a hairstyle lol. I really want to get out of my comfort zone and try something different
We use to come out to this for our bball games I'm old as hell
I slept all day now my ass is gonna be up@all night
Man the craziest thing I did at 15 was stay out till like 12 I have a life
the calm before the end of everything you mean
im from the dmv but id definitely come to the raq for you Show Coming Up Soon
Wanna be laid up
I done made my front tooth hurt bout to pop me a la pill cause i cant take it
Yeah and I got the bones mixed up
It feel so late man
fake broke
He said we should stop
Omg lmaooooo I feel for you thou
was good. I just have one question.....where did Julian go?!
I think that dick got me acting out of line now. but I still need it
his soft tone always gets me the sing-rapping mannn and also yes the lyrics are so raw ): to want
Why must senia live by Kevin?!
I want an ice cream cake
Wild tired but now is not the time for sleep
I even be liking niggas be so basic & predictable
I wait to crawl into my bed.
Niggas be so funny
Is that how old he is? I catch that? Oh god close to that
I know shit in there but bills
nOo im talking about the 4 songs on apple music
I slept all day now my ass is going to be up all night
This Haunted series on Netflix is soo creepy
I work with a lot of white girls ..they think my hair is weave
Drove all the way to for a mac and cheese bread bowl and they forgot to give me the bread bowl what a waste of a trip
Whew this hard baby shower meatballs or that funeral repast fried fish
it wastes like 10% in a couple minutes so annoying!!
Perfect for me!!!
Brunch after church always turns into major day drinking twerking & tears oops
so pretty! It kills me
Man i want some cookies from subway and cinna sticks from pizza hut
Imy though come back
Girl you know I love you
I liked a video Reuniting with Aoora + A rant I'm not proud of - Edward Avila
My word count is 1,200 words!! not even half way and done 1,218 words its definitely bed time
if I knew I could sleep all night until tomorrow go to sleep RITE NOW
Dam Ima be home a lot I need visitors
anthem: Changes -
This really be me & Alex
yeah, gone be one of them nights
I cant get dressed up and not put makeup on I dont see how yall do it
wanna go shopping when I get home
AHH THATS NICE i have to get through college and the teaser week at the same time
This paper is dragging....
Egg muffins. Cause this is who I am now
I'm jus ready for my car
Angas nung dog
Ever just want to cuddle ?
I wait to just have all my shit together
Harga Naik BossQue!
Laporte
Harga Turun Euy!
Surman
Mousset
Cold Asf Outside Now
My bff got a boyfriend and really lonely now lol
Havent been in pain in over a week. Today that ended
are suppose to be my days to get myself together, and all been having is homework so I been looking a mess
I wanna go to school tomorrow bro so lame
Who Tryna Text The Kid !
You are so cute
Wow the Happier video has me in tears
i got the worst headache rn
lol I bet it does. like once you get use to one you become spoiled
Hopefully today at work goes by fast
sorry, can't resist ee
Wow support crazy
Fuuuuuucks. doing an episode a week haha. If the first episode was spooky af I can only imagine the rest
Tryna get through Monday be like... Deku is me. Haysss. Gusto ko na umuwi at manood ng anime. And it doesn't
Bruh who you telling
I want to be so set in life that when I see a deal on a good trip deal out of the country I can enter my
already knowing
I need a bitch to cook & clean and bend it over
Page one of nine almost completee kaya paa
not even gone pretend like I used to be trash at 13 & so forth lol I was 13 in the odd future era
Jadis what are you doing?
Yes! So versatile in any weather too
entirely missing it
I know lots of engineers...
What are some good shows on Netflix?
i wish it so short
Tomorrow I need to get up and sign up at a gym somewhere. Might have to do Planet Fitness for a couple months
Guess payday came early
That would be nice right about now
Damn that hat matched perfectly wit my coat
All I want is your attention
Travis Kelce a fine white boy
Like if her skirt was blue with orange & grey plaid stripes or orange with grey & blue
Is so fine
Please lord let my brother have finished tiling the floor Saturday so all I have to do is paint and then go on vacation
TL finally calmed down lol
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do! Been two years that had Twitter
He probably wants the booty
love getting off work to come str8 home to my son giving him a bath he even wanna get out so I can take my shower
I really wish I had a friend in rva, I need human contact
When you work 3rd shift and 3am come around
my workday tomorrow is so long I even go to the library.
omg I miss you
Literally about to have a mental breakdown idk wrong w me man
finally home
you should create a app for OOTDFASH
Baby fever is a real thing. I experienced it tonight for the first time in my life.
I honestly just drink it out the bottle
hint: she does ;) Babe you kill me
really out here getting pregnant
OCD is a real disease I used to babysit for a woman with OCD if I wash the plates she would come back and wash them again
finally one i can hardcore relate to
this man so damn fine like God for real took his time on him I called him earlier and he got on my ass
I really wish I stayed to go get lit with them
I love frangipanis I grow them here it is too cold for them.
I give up fuck this
I think I know what I'm supposed to do, but I'm afraid, not for me, but for the other person.
finna get me some oatmeal from idk why I love it so much
Who knew be this hard to find the perfect Suburban? Car buying is ALMOST as stressful as house buying!
when you find problematic tweets from 2012: THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE CANCELED
when you
Guess spending my birthday alone now .. females so crazy
I needed this
Got my fingers crossed
only gotten 2 booty rubs my whole life. No one really fwm like that
so happy I can finally eat pickles again. I had them since I was pregnant they made me sickkkk
Toronto is supposed to be my happy place
Looks at the score of the game........ we miss ya LBJ
I want some Waffle House
Hate Sunday and Monday nights.
Maaaaaaaan this boy lucky to have a women like yourself. Blessings on blessings for both love birds
Except they've handballed the trail to the Netflow consortium now.
The net flow seems to be onto the trail
God send me the right husband
I need to cut my hair but I want to
baths are an essential part to life
fuckn sick I have to run to the store in this cold
help
So happy to be finally home
Now looking on auto trader for a truck.
if I could contain feeling/energy and bottle it
So blessed to know such strong yet gentle
nothing beats the nap you take when you finish crying hysterically. i be out within three minutes
i wish i had a date to 35 homecoming
had that feeling a million times and hate when others have to feel that way about me
do your work and save us
Seriously
that song is such a vibe
someone pmo some good music
Girl she really is . my baby
Ready to put my tree up and decorate my patio with lights
Ready to go home Friday not coming fast enough
The little shit u do make me soooo happy
Craving Chipotle
My house so mf cold
almost 10pm and already in bed
Unfortunately
okay to not be living ur best life it for everybody
dang i knew it
Mind sooooo dark, she hopped out the bushes damn near
pq q vc tem q ser assim
Sex i miss you
When my iPhone thinks it knows best for me
Well help me then smh
Just want them all one after the other, affection, steamin, deed. The trifecta
Lissseeennnn!!!! Just take me to rehab when I reach my goal weight JUST KIDDING, but this is hilarious
Im trying
What episode is this? Cause I like to multitask while watching tv but the first episode has so much Italian, i
its 2018 can people please learn what keywords are and figure out how to use the twitter searchbar
I been out on alot of shit lately
Sky has finessed a good $200 out if me in the last week! Lol always asking for money knowing gone say yes!
i wait to have my baby boy with me
Night shift is for the birds I feel your pain
mood asf
really chilly outside
just something about finally being able to straighten your real hair
Movies taught me never to say the worst that could
But then I shoot my shot and miss like Lonzo Ball
I actually hate being ill
FRONTALLL TECHNIQUE NOW TAKING APPOINMENTSLadiesss , LET ME SLAY are unbeatable shop
I listen to my heartbeat at least 15 times a day, I absolutely love it
My niece made me feel so warm inside. I wanna leave her
My ovaries
maam calipay is the most considerate person that i know
i needa go out and make more friends
Wow lemme go buy this rotisserie chicken
Wish homework exist
They really beatin us in the 3rd quarter the quarter that is known for us
My kids are asking me for another bby brother or sister NO MEANS NOOOOOO KAEEEE!
YALL I GOT AN INTERVIEW TOMORROW IM SO EXCITED BUT NERVOUS
I did not tay you still my love bug
so ready to move , like nobody understands .
My head killing me but I can only take Tylenol and I have none
yo, have you ever seen a guy truly worshipping Jesus in church? cause that hit you in your heart different
I miss my high school days
Ugh I know but it truly feels like never going to happen. give it until 30. If by
these tickets to Mexico are hella expensive
25-30. My mindset way too mature. Plus I love a man that can teach me something
I need to go to tha spa mad bad i need a nice massage
One can only hope but I think so. Becky is a heel now and the other are faces.
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?
that bath got me feeling good now my mama to need some on w my food.
Omg i really wish
Just Finished How To Get Away With Murder The Whole Thing , Next
Happy Birthday in heaven In 2 days shocks miss kita palage My everglow..
Yea winter time craving ice cream i gained 20 pounds in week and sleepy
I literally just spent 30 minutes trying to make a logo on an app. I wait for my computer
cold af here
wait for naomi to come home even tho gonna be mean to me
Sports bras bathing suit tops bodysuits everything be fitting crazy as shit. I would trade these up in a heartbeat
I'm up in 4 hours and now that I've been disturbed, I'm not getting back to sleep anytime soon grumpy Victoria tomorrow here we come
Them customers whooped our asses today but my ass got a 33 so all that matters
doing something right when I wanna break eye contact when talking to you
think jr getting me sick
I need a tight huuuuug
a husband
Lashes irritate my eyes
my favorite hello ? you.. my hardest goodbye ? you too
think im getting sick
I feel attacked bc this has been me this entire month
I made some hot water cornbread FINALLY!
A MAN!! Whew
I want a quad so bad.. i wanna race so bad. Omg i miss it so much
My moms really washed all my durags
My absolute favorite things to watch are gender reveals
I want seafood
Single black female addicted to retail
These bugs are out here doing the most
And for a good five minutes my throat felt better I need a full nights rest
Var massages be feeling soo good, especially when he chop my back. Whew
money heist was good af
she let me back in like she never cried , she let me back in like she never lied
I love making my own money I be so happy when I get paid .
Full tank of gas amazing
I never wanna go to work.
WTF like they put in there. How would one eat that pussy tho??
My cat got out. real cold. Fucking anxieties.
IT DONT EVEN HAVE TO BE THIS COLD!!!!! ab about to buy a scarf and hat
I want a puppy
got 5 out of the 6 teams right...almost won 1.2K picked the browns and they lost in OT...
Now about to get in like pussy do you sike they gone be blowing my mentions up
Baby you should let me love you
Let me be the one to
Give you everything you want, and need
I have an appointment with dat ass
not the same without you
Late nights, early mornings
IM GONNA BE IN CLASS
I got a sweet teeth but decide
Ugh I want one
Lashes irritating my eyes
Whew this milk production ain't playing these girls are hard and swole
real life dying I just wanna see snow make a lil snow man n go back to my bed
bring ya ass back up here then
Wow that Facebook post
Jadas still shit I see
Please block me
My pregnant ass did a 3K at a winery today. even get any damn ass wine and now SO FUCKING tired and sore.
My birthday is getting closer and closer.. too hype. Twenty One. 10/31
Messed around and bust my lip being grown
Rlly want a throwback basketball jersey for my bday just dont wanna spend my own money
How do you guys pull off this exercise & green tea lifestyle..
I'm just hungry all the darn time now. fuck.
My body is literally dead asf from this weekend
Im so tired of being in pain
Payday come fast enough
I can never take a nap anymore supposed to be just now waking up
& I miss you already
Shit do for leek
i hate being ignored like the problem
Where's Daryl to save Carol?!
He was a mess
i survived homecoming
the look in Motorsport is very ICONIC. I will say that
So glad off tomorrow
He is making me go crazy. know what to do
Yep, that play set off alarms for me DURING the game.
I crave his presence
My mama doing so much better i woke up and the lady was out her bed i was really looking for her
Sooooooo ready to be in Kentucky
My stomach been right since
Come see me
Lost my Snapchat cause I got a new number
I want a pot roast so bad
Always forget to get my laptop from mel house
I miss my mom so much Thanksgiving break me please
she let me back in like she never cried , she let me back in like i never lied
I wanna go stay in New York again
Wtf is wrong with me
I swear that got damn Arid gets on my last nerves.
she a fine chocolate woman
Everytime I get in my feelings about a nigga I get on Twitter ...cause Twitter bitches drag on niggas and this where I need to be
Just found out that the cutest dude I work with is gay so that!!!
So exhausted
I don't know what 2 say
And u fucking warned me
I did all on the Pussy
I was pissed cause been craving them so bad
sorry folks, especially no noob Sunday today. Unforeseen car issues plagued
wait till it really start getting cold , gon be soooo mad standing out there
Honestly this brand is everything
do you think they are going to do a Q&A before/ after the mv ?? cause i need to know if i have to wake up earlier or not
of course my laptop is on bullshit now
But why
Why is the weekend over
I wanna be so extra but not
Someone do my essay for me I don't wanna
i need another app to watch movies and tv shows on my firestick
I swear I hateeeee cereal
I need to get to colony so we can take a cute picture with our matching pants
they tried to lock me out, i kicked the door down then i took it
Everytime I see my mans
I- WHAT ARE YOU SO CUTE FOR UWU I ASPIRE TO BE CUTE AT ALL TIMES BUT USUALLY NOT??? AND EVERYONE
Thanks For The Heads Up
Why do it be sooooooo Hard for MFs to tell the truth
I miss my mom, I need a home cooked meal
The whole team. I barely have 75pts total
my grabdriver thought i'm sec 2 and asked why idh sch today and i explained that i have O's and he was shocked
cravinnn nutella crepes & hot wineee from the christmas market in paris whhhhhhhhhhhy me
This was my favorite video
I want a spooky basket, I want a Kendra Scott necklace, I want to be surprised with something
Me toooooo!!!! My fav jamaican food spot up there
I hope my child a picky eater. Because I honestly know how Taylor do it with Carter he really only eat fries oh and pizza
Does anyone wana take me to get some sushi
Work next week my next day off is Sunday
learning that it tastes a lot to keep my attention
forget bed peace lmao they asses really missing out on great music
Tim aint been in the park for 3 days somebody check on him
Vacation me please
watched cubao expo vlog ni alex G ughhh so ganda don.
I then ate me some food now slumped
I want to color my hair so bad
Oops. I spoke too soon. voice is still shot. be a week late again.
Just wipe your eyes and stop this crying
i loved working at the stadium until december games & its 20-30 degrees out
holyshiitt im old, im 1995
She look bomb as fuck after I was like yo
Domo so mad at me . I wanted her to get the message but maybe my delivery was wrong.
sure we all lost crap last night everyone has a piece of costume in my back seat
right! but i rarely pay attention to them now or else i would keep it
dawg winter break so far
gotta get my hair done this week
A star is born has me feeling some type of way ...
the level I connected with them yesterday was so crazy
Jasziel EVER let me record her moving around stubborn ass child of mind
I love getting my hair done , i be looking so brand new
back to work already trw
on the sofa . And want to move
Great work fellas. Now get some steals yeah
I hope I pass my midterm tomorrow
anthem: Change by youngboy
Ummm okay the Haunting of Hill house on Netflix is some scary shit
I believe me and Chris turned 5 months already, time is flying by
He's so ready to snatch all of our wigs be prepared
This is torture
Oh my gosh thank you so much you are gorgeous !!!
Idk why I eat McDonalds again and again...I always feel like shit after
This is awful
going all out for my birthday
But it hurts so good
I have a headache,back hurts and my stomach hurting
Finally back at school and im exhausted
I even know what I did
Your run this how football players run after they clamp someone or get a touchdown
She delete the tweet already omgeeee. That bij
im eating a big plate of spaghetti w/ 3 pieces of bread
This brings me so much joy
My notifications are going crazy fuck
I had lasagna in forever girl, now craving it Hope enjoyed tho
And after this beautiful boy came up and spoke to me out of all the girls there I want to keep going back
Damn bro why is it always something
Why I just be loved and appreciated
All the exes be Uncle so & so
I promise Greg ALWAYS finds a way to contact me. Like wtf. I block that Nigga on everything and his ass will hmu via email
I swear
Please
literally just did a full face of make up to sit home..
So Did You Hit O Girl Rae Or Did You Find a Condom Bro !? Sorry Ian Have non
October
so ready to say too anxious
Know cold in my house when i turn my fan off
....atleast they came
cha_nte
I need something to boost my writing skills it takes my days to write a damn 2 page paper
That man is fine
My ass really took 3 naps today
My mind is everywhere. the off button
think it may be time for a girlfriend
I just walked all the way to my car to get the bleach I bought 3 days ago all for me to mop my floors but now I feel like mopping
And getting knocked up
Everybody out here at the fair up
I left my window open at home i made shrimp an my shit was smelling like the crab shack
When you just want icecream but the icecream want you
I want cornbread Dressing
I have an obsession with candles, my place smells sooo good.
Let me just say I have mad respect for anyone who does ceramic floors daily
so damn tired everyday Idk
Fuck I have lectures tomorrow have a little time in the morning while I get ready so I can listen to Mono
I want to order a bomb frontal and dye it for the lil baby concert but Ik my job gone make me take it out
Having My Own Concert
Bout to face& go to bed
Travis kelce wants a touchdown
I just feel like being bothered. Can I cancel all my plans for this week
I keep forgetting to do my mustache
been wanting steak for the longest
Kurt Cobain Style ? Really ?
up watching movies wish my girl was here with me
my nail finally healed so hopefully I have time to get my nails did sometime this week
I love you to if it for you idk what would I do
Me shutting down is way worse than me spazzing out I think u wanna see it
she bad asf
Yessssss
thank you! gorgeous too! hoping i eventually get my grown woman body
I just want bad ass Rick back who tf is this dude ..? The bitch off of Mean Girls talking about the rainbows & shit
i really want to start running again but like how
all I have to say is thank god twitter/social media was not what it is now when I was 15
I wanna go back to where I was it was so peaceful and chill this weekend
Wait till you get to the all saying
My stress level been on 100 lately
ONE MORE FOLLOWER TILL 100
Esme really saw my mans YG
Lol not a weenie
Ready to go home just so I can celebrate my birthday how I want to bc ion have my besties and cousins here with me
Sadly it is
Yeah can you send me a link please because this is hard for me to settle with !
gonna be so stressed if the I handle another plot twist
A hurt female & her hoe friend is the worst combo them bitches be tryna raise hell
I want something to eat
ugh you right
I need more makeup
I need a gel that flake in my hair
Why is my gas bill so high
okey but whats better tha house shopping
My brother
May I have like 1,000 of them, pls?!
Exactly but then again everything looks better what clothes on so you know
Thanksgiving Hurry Up
tired of life lessons occurring on my birthday.. can I just enjoy it once
40 where ? This is what this mean when they say black crack
We forgive you Brother Nature
Watching the Bobby Brown story, I really feel for him everybody just kept leaving
Back when twitter sensitive asf how is he cancelled?????
im so mf tired today
Mac n cheese in the oven.... I need to get to frying this chicken but a bih getting TIRED
Cmon tell that to somebody else
I just saw a Star Is Born....
I am not okay
literally look so hot with short hair we can be twinssss
Bruh why did I wait till the last min to do this philosophy paper he just gonna have to take what I submit on blackboard
I miss him too but the freak hoes ? only you
YouTube distracts me
so excited for Thursday.
That shit felt lovely
My daughter just took some steps I missed it the first time cause of work but so glad I got to see it happen
Can I please just have one night where nothing hurts and I can sleep like a normal human being
passed tf out. gonna be up all night
It already started it help that I have a baby bladder
Had me sliding cross the floor
like bruh you can not be fucking serious
My sons been asleep since 4
I should have woke him up by now but I started cleaning I lost track of time
I believe I put my bills on auto pay I thought I said idc how good life get
Nah when you starts swinging on em
Mind ya business
A Carmel frap sounds amazing in this weather
your vocals in What We Bout ARE SO GOOD
sad cuz I keep losing my chapsticks but idek where literally just be spending $4 each on them shits
Yuh mean after the brown bread. I even get to the appetizer
eaten wings, Sheetz, a bag of chips, and quite a few and still ravenously starving.
aaahh craving for some mango float
I actually don't wanna hang out with him anymore , im proud of you brenda
I made it to Twitter ,
Ours right around the corner girl
Irked I lost my dam debit card now I gotta change my on all my automatic withdrawals
only Monday... can I end the week already
Zayn and Gigi look so cute
Sooo jealous my sis going to Cali this Thursday for vacation
I have a lot of catching up to do this is confusing okay so i've been gone since last friday. To recap: namjoon
I finish
my boy back yet I miss him omg
I love this nerd so fucking much
bitch sO HOT
Seriously !!!!
New Ambassador To South Africa Is A Mar-a-Lago Member With Zero Diplomatic Experience -
Monday blues betul
I shower at least 3 times a day like that hot water be having my skin so relaxed
believe she is a senior
The Sunday Sads are REAL, especially after fall break
Hmmmmm
I was unappreciative of fall weather.
Hopefully my vacation includes a bae
My time gonna come patience is key
Dang the iggles lost.
Siempre pasa eso!!
Wyclef voice "My drink's my only remedy"
you can hear how his voice has matured but still has the same feel. I missed them so much
need some new pretty friends, but they be prettier than
She say bae nasty I say me to I like fucking you in public like me to
Aww I used to do this every day in Guam
I have a new love for lemon cake
bruh this is one of my goalsssssss with my boo i swear
mane listen, monday da only day i got off this week.. who you tellin fr
I got different addresses dumbass
giiiiiirrrrlllllll look at this
gonna miss because I came to Halloween horror nights I think I made the wrong chose
Hurting and i dont Want nobody but you
i want this
waitttttt
Actually blocked while deleting old tweets
Crying real tears rn this is amazing
And also...
I want some bamboo earrings with my name in them
Ugh I wish my hip would stop hurting
I want some wine right and a steak
I want to travel & explore the world so bad
I procrastinate way too much, tired of myself
yes you gon need allaaat i cried one game cause it was too cold & my hands was hurting
Benching with no spotter is so depressing
i got so much to buy really bout to put myself on punishment.
I hope I present on Wednesday
My fav part of the day
Gotta stop showing my face during FT niggas out here catching me with the heart eyes
Oh how times have changed
the worst shit imaginable . He moved up to mac and cheese recently though
baby stuff everywhere
He needs to let CJ breathe..
Not to be dramatic or anything but I would cry real tears if my doggo did this
I want my nigga to suck on my titties n lay up wit him
calls her a bitch a lot i think and the dude playing the girl is just lke
Win, lottery, baby
I need to get these nails off
Real bare no makeup, no clothes
It was only 70 degrees but man that breeze was f-f-freezing me
When she really have great self esteem was all for her, now sis got some confidence and of
no still posting
I love when siblings be bonding me and sister chose a different caption tho
I had an insane amount of alcohol yesterday and my liver good
ready for the first episode
The Mayor was cancelled!?
I swear when im down this my song
if you watched The 100, watch it i promise you regret it
they can have those bacteria/yeast infections
Wow! One after the other
I sing this part with my whole heart every time
I Want Some Candy Corn
Stomach still hurts... wait til bae get here to rub it
Yesss bihs got too much time on they hands
just a retweet. I even open it to hear it
over this homework
Sometimes I Be Needing A Shoulder To Lean On Sometimes Not To Cry Just To Vent Ok Ok Ok
This henny got me hot asl
I have a headache in one spot in the front of my head.
Yo I be knowing about Shit going on bc I be in my own world and I feel like bad bc I be missing out on shit
David Dobrik was at UCSB while I was at home... pissed
dog sat this weekend and made a video montage of our time together enjoy
Yall this ASMR thing is some bullshit i cant believe people are getting money off of this im about to make
yesss soon just gotta get this c-section cut to heal first
I miss my friends already
Block Them Sis
Well i missed it
Back to work in the am Friday need to hurry up lol
I need someone who can sing to me & make all my problems go away
I Want Chocolate Chip Cookies & Ice Cream
I take hoes serious that still shop at Citi Trends
Body still sore from working out with Ronda
Going all the way to the market for a box of ice cream snickers
I Like My Body At All No Moe
Feeling bratty today I thrown a temper tantrum in a long time, must be the Arab money got me wanting it
It really feel good outside
I packed a joint before raisin hell.
Some times I need some one too vent too fuck get off the drugs with then fuck again
Jay is coming over and in a onesie cleaning excited to watch a scary movie
bruh this guy just sprayed kwam1 like N3m & $1k
I want my red hair back.
I feel this. 42 hrs in three days
That little yawn
Send this sexy country by his friends BUT never abandon you!! our friendship IS forever even after Death!!
Weekend always goes by too fast
I need this
i was going through my stuff and damn look at dating now we love a glow up
Work is going by so slow today
Back to work tomorrow
all i do is contract all night
Why does some antibiotics (pills) smell like ass
I know ima get sick and not ready
Depression is real man
freezing
this episode of Ozark is too deep
Is it over already legit 10
Same where are you?
?
Was Chaoyang hoping be completely helpless? You know that the heavier they are, the harder they hit, right~?
Ahaha thank God im off 3 days in a row next week because Aunt Flo is about to be a BITCH this week. I can feel it.
waiting on the day one of my tweets blow up and someone scrolls back to my controversial shit
She never had to look so good
Me trying to be a tough mom but crumbling five mins later cause I miss my daughter already!
alex truelove you're the gay sweetie
They are building a Canes, In n Out, and Panda all a two minute walk from me.... good thing they are also building a Planet Fitness
I think my mama hates that I love big hair but I love it so much
so hungry but i wanna drive
Where has time gone man
silhouette of a perfect frame, shadows of your smile will always remain
Waffle House hit different at night
Then blame you for acting crazy
I was so happy last year
my laptop is not working anymore!!!
When you want to be productive on your day off but also clingy af so you just want to send messages to your friends all day long
Want more covers!!!! grabeee huhuh
such an impatient person
them long hot showers be everything
For everyone asking, I still send it out.. I just rarely have time to update it with new songs
at least it be super cold, bring some tea with you
Right in the feels.
Call out my name by The Weeknd speaks to soul everytime
Germany and Boston a week apart. I can already feel the jet lag
I have a runny nose
4 mags
Broccoli cheddar soup from Panera
i wanna go to the gun range
LATE, I know I know...
Deadass was like oh you Cold and full of anxiety? on my way almost 2 hours is nothing i know the homies was mad at the excuse of why
I had to rewatch True Blood cause of Kayla
85%???
Get it from youuuu!!
In elementary I would dip these in my milk I had one since
that jet lag gon hit more when you come home be prepared
Lmaooo I Just Told My Bestfriend About It . So Good
Imma need Akon to drop a new song that slaps and makes me feel like it's still summer
what song is this fr ???? I guess I have ratchet on the mind
I know been going through some thangs.. I know you even love the same... I know been running on empty
I been full for hours
& overeat like damn I need to chill
You pretty bitches are actually starting to get on my nerves
Dawg sick i need a iPhone charger
LMAOOOO buy me new fam
a big baby when I get sick
I spend WAY to much money on makeup.
I'm shocked mad scary
My little sister is the cutest, so sad I be able to see her for at least 7 more months
I feel like if my grandma was still here , everything would be perfect lady really did for everybody , family
FIIIINE. still going out tonight tho anyway cuz im emo and if i dont go
He sitting up good slow down baby
baby nothing like a hot bath
unhappy with myself
wish I could just talk to God right quick I need some answers lol
im even busy on my off days
that shit go hard w some vanilla ice cream on top
Somebody that want just me wya
Sad About This Concert Fr Everybody Know I Love Some Bow Wow
Im not crying, you're crying !!
I got a 3 day weekend next weekend so ready I deserve it
I just wanna lay on his chest and listen to his heart beat till I fall asleep
They always show my least favorite family first
about to if I see another screen door on someone head
a whole waste of a outfit
I think I still have it
Jin is so soft in that Seoul tour video
Peyton Gives Me No Space Real Boy
the most beautiful man made i swear
I ate all day
13 chapter test this week and my anxiety is all over the place
Lawd have mercy I gotta stop fake flirting I can go on forever and tired of myself
I just want a man is that too much to ask
The CB shit was random.. like what??
This remix always hits home
Goals but my ass to lazy to go to the gym
Already missing this sweet babe
I saw this girl getting cussed out by her mans jealooouuus
Maybe I should try becoming bestfriends with my gf
That was me at like 9am im really bad at adhering to my twitter limit
Both would be lovely, just not right now
Girlfriends my shit
Must leave Richmond
just over my lil situation frfr next week makes two years and I feel like nothing has changed for the better!
Fo'real?! It's so weird - I wish I knew what's really going on.
Wish I had a dude
I miss him so much
Really need to cut my hair
Omg why is it almost $500
I love it so much And Mantra ! honestly so excited for January
I can sit and watch this over and over again
Wentworth is too much
r00d is that how you treat your younger cousin
the haunting of hill house was soooo good
I would have to be playing against Mahomes this week
I just need someone to step on my back
Me at work watching snaps last night
in love with you!
My hair feels and looks so short since I got a trim. but healthier
My birthday is comming
supposed to be writing a paper but this sleep is calling me
Someone spend the night with me the next couple days
3 more hours and 42 minutes left
I Feel So Refreshed Now That I Took That Long Ass Bath .
When my time to have a baby I really pray God gives me a son
I hate outside
3 weeks til astroworld what am I gonna wear
Ima have a one year old in a month and a half I still stuck on the fact that im a mom
Men even do this no mo
Bro same! Once you start skipping, so hard to stop too
I know and that makes me so sad.
Lawd the devil is a lie your a monster
pls i need more vhope fics to read
My mothers gonna come back tmrw with 16 different suitors from Switzerland... convinced why she went
Quiero un Boo
A few sips of a drink really be having me acting different fucking lightweight
Why!!! I need to come snuggle all these babies lol! thought we were friends Hahahaha! None of
That is a good idea. I need to figure out what I want to do with it.
Why do I always get anxiety attacks every time studying like bitchhhh get the fuck out of the way. trying to study here
Gotta get up early for work im bouta shower do my hair and ko
Why am I lit right now
Craving for Koko Krunch
hows taylorrr? i miss him
Is cause we chat bad
bitch i have her highlighting pallet and LET ME JUST TELL YOU jerod bought it for me
Damn this made me tear up
i want a full body massage
This 4-hour time difference is really messing with me.
Germany and Boston the same week. I can already feel the let lag
Big DUH! law. I love when my nigga do this
Lmaoooo tragic af
fuck Thanksgiving can we just skip to Christmas already..
I want me a gf from New Orleans
I just asked Sean to HoCo
This was what michonne was trying to tell
I hate when fried by myself or got no one to talk to/text I be bored lol
so perfect
so quiet when my kids sleep I be so lonely up by myself
Nap Was Well Needed. Still Feel Like Shit Tho
I do that to boont
Allllllmost done editing Rey had to do so much just to get it to work. My audio is a bit messed up but
Germany and Boston the same week. I can already feel the jet lag
Juice? JUICE?! Okay share the instructions or something
More pics here - -> Mami stretching those shorts
i miss good reality tv shows
Eww my page so lame blew
I wait to have my voice back I literally can not speak
Somebody bring me coconut shrimp
went out last night with an ex-friend w/ benefits and we got so fuckin drunk all I remember was him whispering
talk ab how this queen is 49 & look a day over 30
Ok he apologized, so can stop harassing him
Bruh my life rn i really like him
I got my portable heater on but tryna decide if finna turn on the heat in the house bitch cold
Bitch me too
Sis this ain't it
-he pushing this ambulance truck
This guy came in & he looked like my cousin Kevin , i wanted to cry cuz i miss him
I Need
starting to think I need braces again my smile the same anymore
In the mood to be cuddled up under somebody
A break up without even dating hurts like a motherfuckerr
Y'all I can't believe that one year ago today Noah saw my face for the fruit face challenge and even put it on his Instagram
Is it just me??? ready to put up my Christmas decorations already
I miss you! And our gym sessions. I have a gym partner here
Can I skip to the good part where financially/ mentally stable with a good life and beautiful family with a
I was just in yo friend DMs about hers
I need more (gas)money
Feeling bratty today I thrown a temper tantrum in a long time, must be the Arab money smell got me
I wanna dye my hair a pretty color but ldkkkkk whatttt
Wow the temperature done got so cold outside It reminds me that P.Lee INC. is now hiring.
Asap !! so excited !!! been waiting for you to drop another track for so long
i still figured out what gone do for my birthday
not gonna hold youuuuu, I LOVE being laid up a big ass baby
hope i get to see my kendawg before she goes to basic training
Feel like going to citadel but too lazy
I got the ship too
wait til saturday
tat itching like a bitch
I am
I know who these ppl are that are canceling
Who let me nap for 4 hours straight thoughhhh
I had sex since the last time I had sex & horny asff
I miss yall too
I had blue, purple, green, red. They all suck but so prettyyyyy
i can smell this tweet
She out here tryn say im mad cuz she dont want me but on God if I really wanted her back she wouldve been mine Maybe not now but
I am sooooooo HUNGRY .. & it came outta nowhere!
This life crazy as hell
Still going through a heart break . Sorry how acting
My lip need to hurry up & go down I look a mess & bam think cute !!!!
passed tired
7 more days of being a dream teen
Can at least release their new EP on itunes
my song I swear
I need to cop
this is why we need to listen to people with real degrees and not twitter degrees!
the worst part about the last trimester
LMFAO you really just shitted heavy on my blacc kings twitter be crazy
I rlly need a gym open 24/7. I always get those weird 10pm energy bursts
Wow sleepy af quick cat nap in the car lmao
I wish I had a bae or a boo or sum my phone DRY literally. no friends or nun.
stress that enough!!
ready to go back & stay with my brother
nothing you can do
Always loved her cause my remaining braincell is an intellectual
Now I want Mac & Cheese Thanks To Pearl
When she rides a motorcycle
yeah right.. they're just thirsty for attention
This nigga showed me a donut on FT & now craving
My Twin
i just wanna fall asleep in somebody arms
fml no where near done preparing for my week
Want my man to suck on mines
Super excited go out and enjoy each other tomorrow well over due me and bae been working so hard and so
I really think i want a jag
Think coming down with something, I can feel it all in my nose
Progress reports is such a pain in the butt. tired.
Excuse me miss but what are those plants on the very right called? I need some like that
And all I did was work a double
i rlly need to start taking medicine again my stomach is always hurting
And these Chicago sales taxes will kill me need to win this lottery to pay for that
I have an interview tomorrow and I need to stretch my hair, if I blow dry it on low will my curls be okay? scared.
I Really Do Hate The Cold
No, but I need to figure out all the stupid local props.
I wait to get in and drink some
When she rides a dirt bike
ready to see my baby jack
I really like this guy but too bad he has a partner.
Anyway, I found out who he is. Turns out dia ketua
Laaaawd. Tamia just told me that she like a boy at school. My baby is 10 im sick sick .
I just love how it seems Dreka is always by Kevin Gates side. so loving and supportive of him
I have them all except the Hot Topic exclusives that are out of stock.
I miss midnight cookies.
Same
Every been feeling someone so much that seeing them gave you anxiety
not letting me DM you .
The eloteman came through !! The corn was so bomb I forgot to take a pic
everything goes bad at once, school got stressful, my washer broke, bills are due... oh the joy of adulting
Lmao I tweet and type exactly how I talk ew
Shopping Ease My Mind Philips Plaza Soon I Get Off Work Tomorrow I Gotta Get Peace
Big mood
Tom Brady the goat just wrote me shook sorry i am a fanboy
Do you struggle in writing for your brand? Here's a guide that helps: How Can You Improve Your Writing Skills?
I missed the old BMTH Sorry Oli but Sam Carter is my fav british vocalist now.
wait until i get my tech all the way together
I know my boy and I will be fine just hard wanting to be with someone, and keeping a family
Curly hair tmrw but nervous on trying this new product
Would be lit right now
sounds so fire
Lord please help me keep my eyes open for this last hour and a half of work. Amen
Forgot I put icy hot on my foot cause extra & now lying down feeling something cool & wondering why mah wipe and it nah come off
why did I know what song it was before watching the edit
My mans had to apologize
a shame. cause so pretty!
not a wine drinker but been drinking way too much brown liquor at night
Im horrible in depressing crap
I wait to cuddle inside my clean comforter and sheets
really need to order me some more cases for my phone.
cutest thing ever
wtf i want to be belly bounced into a fence
I got it when i was 10. Scariest shit ever. I thought i was gon die omg
THIS SHIT IS CRAAAAZY god my heart beating out of my chest.
lonely
I am so not ready for this 7 day stretch
I like how you said ass bouta start using that lol
Kye stayed I had like 3 or 4 pair, but them were her go fasho!
So the night I decided to stay awake nobody wants to share money?
Okay o, fine
Oh got money money so cute. Must be nice
I remember the last time I had a heart to heart conversation with someone
my baby sister would make me so happy rn seeing her pretty face lights up my day any time
AINT NOBODY TELL YOU TO SNAP LIKE My lord
My ass is shittin bricks for tonight
Maggie done went rogue
I really need to wash my hair. But instead laying on my couch like the bum that I am.
Same mood bro but I already know who gonna marry when older
The concert of my dreams
Omggg u noticed me labyu mamsh
I was literally in a sleep coma for hours now I gotta go back to sleep
I started watching cable girls 2 days ago and already so hooked on it
I have a light brown eyelash lmao omg and in the dead center of my lashes I would pull it out but..... yeah no
upset that labeled as the drunk bitch
i loveee these, the only part i miss bout high school
Same
My back hurts so bad
Not looking forward to going to work tomorrow bc it starts my 7 straight day work week its gonna be hell
No one I know is talking about the Travis Scott concert and upset bc I wanna go.
I love wash day I feel like a new woman garnier fructis my situation
WE ACCEPT YOU
\
( (>
_/ \_
- You can dress lil g and yo kids are Adorable
Wtf this pizza man at
wait to snuggle my libra later
These spirits need to stop fucking with me tonight & let me get some sleep.
Everybody in their feelings tonight
Stone Pussy dressed and get set up
Never left the picture
Haha normally I avoid these sites like the plague and just pay to watch but desperate to watch book of murder w/ subs
All I need is one day to relax
been asleep for the past 8 hours and STILL tired, Jeff keeps waking up so s/o to him
This connections is blowing me trust me
Brax baby ... baby baby babbyyy!! We DO NOT deserve youuuuuu hunny
Bitchhhhh yes &
Gotta get to Disney land or California Adventure two more times b4 the year is over
I need a nap
Who wants to go get their nails done with me
back on my doggy search for Little Miss Blaire... I was doing so good then got distracted..
I just got to the part in Greys where Lexie and Sloan die.... WTF. I like this show anymore.
I shouldve chose jamilia. prolly still be rocking right now not bitches who wanna put u all over fb
sorry but country music is underrated. not kidding when i say it reduces my anxiety and calms me down
tomorrow even start yet and I done tired
Wtf? Your parents make no sense to me. It's literally a Sunday night after a long day, let you enjoy yourself
My hair is growing no more heat frfr lmao falling in love with my curls again
Oof I almost see this due to all these rt notifications
so late this year!!!
por favor sim
Sorry I make it out last night hope u had a good time
Nooooo break the mutual
Right I wanna see Halloween
having soul food withdrawals
I'm still thinking about my next diy halloween costume
Life was way funnier when I was a child I swear
Don't we all
My heart is so heavy RIP Jorge
I Want Some Strawberry Shortcake So Bad !
Lord the pictures in my phone
Girl that shit be so smooth, soft and edible
Some head would be fire right now
I have yet to watch one episode!
ugh crying so great
tired af been at work since 11 and just got off
Oomf was really everything I never imagined.
please at least edit the poster well
Left us on a cliff hanger
stop playing with me
I may make a grilled cheese with game and eggs
Please don't go I don't want to lose you again Pleaseee
2nd sem carrying my baby bump is not that easy as i wish it could be.
My cat came to say hello what a cutie
Showed me the energy Ive been missing
proud of myself tho butttt education is killing me
I need this.
Kailan ba iimprove yung pag cacalligraphy ko?
cold
I missed my bed sm
Stop this is literally me every day. Yoongi better prepare another mixtape or an album man. He writes everyday
Ready for this month to be over so i can get paid again but i still got some shit to do before it is
Domingooou
Jesus fuck why have they stooped so low
Idk what more fucked up here the fact that this man fully active online from inside or that he has an attitude about it
there this weekend ! so cute
Now just hoping that fix it today or be forced to use data for stream.
Who has a passport (or can get one) and likes to party HMU
I figured you were too cool since you saw bad bunny baybehbehbeh lmao
I even get mad at him cause if you dig up some of my old tweets no one would like me..... and I even a kid
Why do you have to work nights come love me.
I be hype when I find indoor kid activities
really need a deep tissue massage
Almost feel like I could be getting sick...damn weather
Ricks last two episodes!!!!!
I had a deep conversation in so long
I hope we get it before the end of this year
We were wild for no reason
i seriously just want a big ass bacon cheeseburger
lmfao right
Tiiiika real life fine . Stays on point .
Wish I was ending my night cuddled up watching a movie
Been 16 months since I seen my mama I miss her
Sounds like someone I know
Niggas are aggravating Jesus take the wheel
Already stressing over what to get my kid for Christmas
I need to get back in school mode
I love me some Dominicans
here we go again with famous ppl and their old ass tweets that's gonna ruin their career
I forgot about my wings
Tbh same. I just need friends to go with me
Omg speaking Spanish and I keep up to save my life
40 years congratulations !!! if only our generation had values that keep your marriage alive
drinking this ciroc & hen finna Get fucked up!
true I miss my dad I know you do to
they got it on ksoo's knee too
I was so excited for it too
On my way home and I wait I just wanna lay in my bed been a long day
just trynna procrastination on this paper lmaooooo
Frfr how I know our link up gone be real frfr
AND DID IT TO MY
I swear someone is talking about me ... like where all these old niggas come from
Swear I could be in the dark all day
I am exhausted
I may make a grilled cheese with ham and eggs
I have so many random bruises on my body.
you got me on a high i dont wanna come down from
I just want some good news
this episode got me on edge. I need to fast forward to next Sunday.
I been silent all day thats crazy
but with a kid is even worse
busted my ass twice today because these damn hard work floors and socks
I miss my friend
Hahaha omg me!! been trying all weekend
Fr fuck smoking I want a bottle right in my face rn
i miss my fucking hair, fuck school
Still kinda like them though
Lmao dang I was just being honest and genuine man let me live
LMAO doubt He said that shit so seriously
I need a mini fridge in my room
trynna go to the movies
Horchata is like drinking cinnamon flavored milk...but if u love sea food ceviche squeeze some lime in it
I love the world...but this is a huge mistake....
Con
fr fr, even tho everyone was fking flaming me
I wanna be wt my bffs
bitchhhhhh screaming she is the ugly cousin
The Haunting of Hill House had one major flaw. It was too short
Mad I spent the night zooming around and have the chance to try and woo
I miss my best friend
Any girls on my timeline own a Mackage coat dm me know what size I wanna get
lilly and gilbert are goals I wonder when a guy will ever care about me that much! lucky asss girl
Lol BE DONE FOR!!! You hear me??? I done said some fucked up shit on here
He is brown skin with a nappy fro and his name is Rondell
Neend bohat a rahi, but college sucks
Somebody please pay my phone off , so i can upgrade
my baby was being bad so I said and she came over and gave me a kiss
I have to get up at 6:00 & I start my new job tomorrow so I get back home until around 11:00
ugh the dedication so nobody beats
These outfits really bout to step on necks and this hair style, GHOE bout to be bomb AF
If you find them lemme know
Bitch wish that was me rn
my pregnant king ass nose smell EVERYTHING and I HATE IT
Shut up your always cute
Accepting gf applications lmao if u smoke dutches I fwu
I wait to see Morrissey tropicalia
My suegra & me are crybabies together lol
late night talking section w dad... was so much needed. know what i would do without my dad
Amaranth body oil is my absolute fav
I like women with pretty hands & let you have some rings and your nails done yes maam.
I want some Hooters Shrimp this time I will be getting some .
Sooooo who wants to go see Tori with me? I have one extra ticket and I want to go alone again
I got a fat crush
Hold me
tired of school though
What dafuq is this?
so ready to be a sugar baby! I keep working. stressful
i want fb back cause easy af to contact anyyyyybody but i got too addicted and worried ab shit that matter what to do
-I love this weather but damn cold asf
and I'm so hyped
Don't cry, don't go! Won't lie, I fuckin' love you! Woah!
Is it break yet?
wait to get my hair & nails done to finally feel like myself again
Omg! Omg! Omg!
all i ever crave
my comfort zone
I was rooting for you
This girl is the definition of beautiful & humble
lele mi espalda ouch
I wait to move back home
BUT TO THINK THAT IM AKGAE IS JUST AGDKDHWKSJDLSL Just bc I dont tweet about taemin doesnt mean im akgae or ot4
honestly so weird going to sleep at a decent time lmao who am I
I mean probably just hard finding connections like that bc philly is old school, small biz & a lot of them use tech
Nooooooo!!!!! Next 2 episodes are Ricks last episodes !
not ready but ready
I forever miss my guerito my life is so boring and sad without you!!
I told myself done but damn this is hard
Wow , this is different , but in a good way
When has that stopped me before it's staying
i hate everybody know where i live january coming fast enough
She gets better looking every year she gets older in love
This transition I just went through literally a breath of fresh air
Mello birthday coming up lil nigga finna b 18 baby . I sweaaa he would've thought he was so grown damn man why him
do it get a blow out
these cookies and hot chocolate are the best things to happen to me today
That one friend that talk to much so u power ur phone off while she on it and leave it off for a few acting like it died DJM
beyond delicious
I was so cute last night with my blue one piece I take no good pics
Reading this niggas tweets and makes me fkn sick Dudes really worth a DAMN.
I missed Ace the Bathound and Maleficent Dragon and those are going for $100-$150
lol why did my sister decide to pack hours before her flight
I still feel the hurt from that kick my mouth still on the floor
My friend out here wildin
It need to be Fridaaayyyyy!!!
always wanted to stay there! going with a group of friends tho and we wanted to get a house
I wanted to grow only Sunflowers In my Garden but they have none
Them gunshots I just heard I really gotta get from down here
I believe about to be 21
really like to win the mega millions right about now
Why is twitter doing this to me
They really do
what do like the most ? cause idk i love both
Craving that sex that getchu pregnant
I really miss talking on the phone but none of my friends like talking on the phone
No matter how stressed i feel my skin has not gave up on me yet
I live for the raspiness what a talented kid. Singing with all that full power
The room really spinning dawg
Lord please take this talking about people trait away from me because I got it baddddd
I'm soft wait
wtf this made me so happy!!!
I almost bought a gator while in Tampa the babies are so cute
too much cereal for the milk tho... why we do cereal first
I wanna be freaky freaky wait till my man come home .
Trying to figure out what duvet to buy
i have the worst headache right now and so much homework to catch up on tonight
I not ready for about to go down the rest of this season
we can go see something else
I need to learn this
I left the house since i got off work i been so lazy and tired
Omg too many deadlines.. I am overwhelmed
Beyonddd ready to get home
Them some big shoes to fill thankyou
Sold out, mas.
Wisdom tooth hurting lord help me
i really think ive ever been this tired
lmao we was raised better than that twin
He was so nice and sweet but me looking sloppy and busuk
American horror story scares me so much but I stop watching it
Man I feel you on that
Lmfao you know what I mean
Kids are down! This is considered early in my house
But tonight that Fall Fall air hit all my skin. I had to climb in the trunk n find my jacket
Klay chucking up bricks
I know so many ppl that appreciate it. I looooooveee stuff like this.
complicated
ready for him to let go of that pacifier but i want to here that crying
I swear nobody can piss you off like your mom I be having to just stay silent
Idc ab the follower ratio
Yo I just spent $50 on games at the fair tryna win the goat from despicable me and I do it
i am soooo ready for december. im sorry october and november but you need to go. just wait and see.
Wtf pho soon?
Ugh I need motivation
No I will fight your poor taste in everything
Idk if I should visit NYC, Denver or Albuquerque
Me waiting for my C5 vinyl.
Literally so damn clumsy, embarrassing
Always in the mood for Hot n Juicy
My bestfriend so fine man
I really gotta stop smoking weed I tryna fuck up my liver later on
Pissed Tomorrow Is Monday
damn I wanted to go to the F1 this weekend been in so long
Whenever my dog passes away going to be sooo depressed, like not going to be able to function
I know right, SO proud
I really want a cheeseburger but stick to my eggs.... yes having eggs for dinner
been simpin this whole ass week i need to get back on my shit
Been going too fast I gotta leave that green alone fr
Gotta get a overnight job now
I saw a unicorn onesie today & im regretting not getting it
I saw at least 47 of them last night. I see why people think gay, but I just be tired of looking at krusty mfs
It sucks being singlebut survive
I need my body like this
Stg I was thinking about this not long ago twitter 2010-13 was a wild ass place and I said anything
Tell me why I be looking like this when I put my hair up in a bun
im not good at arguing , I be ready to fight
People be corny af.. Twitter what it used to be
I need a trip to Jamaica ASAP
i am horny and squirming and groaning here and im just insatiable tonight
How to carry them like dissss hahahahahahh ugh so cute
THISSSSSS
This cold getting worse
Did my nails just cuz. peel em off when my anxiety kicks in at work
My girl hasnt done her skin routine on me for a quick min and my skin acting up like a mofo. Shii I guess buy it
Feels good to get shit off your chest
He was 12. I said a LOT of ignorant shit when I was 12 unless some recent tweets of him being
swear karma be fwm tough
I really want to go horse back riding before it gets colder
You're thanking the President in response to his tweet insulting Gillum.
I wish there was a wings spot open 24 hours
Not the Notes App press release BUT we all do stupid worse than learn from it, move on, send
I be wanting to get on the TL and talk about shows with but I be 2 years late
I move in my place tomorrow I hate packing
You deserve to be famous
I have a hard time texting bck work with me
Me & my baby just now waking up
craving some Frosted Flakes so bad right now at work
off to school
I am. shrek is love. shrek is life
a star is born was amazingggggggg though
I have two tickets I NEED to pay before the 11th
oh the snobbery ..
Its cold as shit out now, I wanna cuddle every damn day
feel like getting up taking this drive
wait for this whole moving process to be over & done with
Houston or Cerralvo next weekend
I just need some love and affection rn
I miss my friend
worrying about big foot I want her. But if you need me to keep assuring you I will
Man
bt21 needs to stop with the new arrivals. im going to get broke in no time
My baby just felt to sleep on me
This weekend was so nice and cute. Ready for the work week and more than ready to cuddleeeeee
Dark Skin Men So Good For The Soul
I miss
ready for you when you are
If I smother him with this pillow, just get me a good lawyer and come visit me at Riverside
been having that feeling what is it
its literally 4 am here in germany
This time last year before Abe died I was so stressed & depressed I know these last 2 months gone be good asf to me I deserve it.
He actually might just go missing or kidnapped
I got sass, I need more of that
Ugh you look so magical
Gotta get back on my shit, I been slacking
I gave the wrong nigga my love, wish I can have it back
I miss my baefriend he need to come home
I still love this song so much
my heart
If only I could wear a flannel n jeans to work all the time forealz hella comfortable.
I have such a big heart lord Jesus
Wat waiting on?!
I forgot the Warriors playing & I took an almost 2 hour nap
I was smart enough to bring a fan to arena but not smart enough to bring it to FG
I WATCH IT OVER HERE
Wentworth has me and J hooked
really craving some hot cheeto fries
I procrastinate too much
My body so tired bruh like I really been doing too much from work to other shit when i get out this tub ima sleep so good!
Who played the lotto ?And did not win like me l want the 2019 altima
I love the colors & doing great hun!
I wish Waffle House had a drive thru
WHAT DO YOU WANT!
I want this
I sleep without feet on me
: lls taniqua really my BESTFRIEND , our bond bomb as shiiiit , i tell her everythinnnng , thats really my heart
Ugh like why is it already about to be Monday
YOU ARE STILL VERY GORGEOUS TO ME
\
( (>
_/ \_
I LOVE distressing my denim but I have the patience for it
On baby
kidzbop outsold
JAJAJAJA ay Nadge no te creo
not looking forward to winter already freezing
- this chili is soooo fire
Now a damn, damn shame.
That one weekend I was going thru it !
Im ready for Dj to get out then i know i can have somebody to talk to eveynight i feel this way
Dumped all the laundry on the bed, so forced to fold clothes before I get in the bed.
Twins Though , I Would Die
allow me to be that young thing that brings spice to ya life
Back to work tomorrow
been down bad for the last 2 hours I need to get it together
I seen Ram in two days & I miss him already!
I Want To Post My Video So Bad But This Damn Phone
Perks of having your friends work at Staple Center is free NBA tickets to your fav team (Houston Rockets) aka James Harden
bitchhh
Dude all i want for Christmas is a damn guinea pig
I think my mom understands how seriously not okay that Vampire Diaries was removed from Netflix
Baby girls gonna come up for my birthday weekend
I want an everythingship
Solo por que urbanismo me por matar
I wanna work in fast food anymore but I might just have to
ii want a leg tattoo
can I have you for one night pleaseeee
Whatever Kodak going through rn is my mood
gunna keep my hair short foreverrr.
have a butt w/no thighs
I think chocolate
make it just as good or better than her first 5 tours pls and no remixes that ruin the original songs
whoever said white people couldn't lay down bars was wrong
Fat asses are my weakness
So when am I meeting the famous ?
I want McDonalds Fries BUT I need them
gonna buy a thing for being a great friend
Aweee I miss you too and yes I wish they had Group FaceTime
I love when someone says they miss you warms my heart
Ready to wine and dine my man
You ready for a round 2 tonight
Happiness never sticks around..
trying to remember this person and I
It comes out at 2am
bout to be up all night I could feel it
These ribs gon stand ah chance
I am so sleepy its been a long ass day
I just wanna say fuck my job and go home
Dream car
When you ordered 20 WINGS and you get home to see All DRUMSTICKS! like: Mom, I want
Wow the temperature done got so cold outside It reminds me that P.Lee INC. is now hiring.
Her reaction
I miss my jassy
Pff no me hasta enero me choca
Baecation was a success but ready for my bed
The Hate You Give was a really good movie i literally cried throughout the entire movie!
Well hello 4am.... Pleased to fucking meet you
Confession: always liked Nars makeup over Mac
Oh my fucking goodness
I need more storage on my phone
been in business mode ALL day. My brain is fried
Guess go grab some grocery & head home.....
getchu one dat can sing in spanish
I try, I try and never enough.... tragic
I think I loved you I knew you.
I hate when I buy food and come home to spaghetti on the stove...like bihhhh so much better than what I got
Ficknddnbd DEAD the tension wow the FREAKING TENSION!!!
13 they have all day
mad warm though
Looking thru my phone from last night and
Omg this looks so painful.... but shit my C section was horrifying
I literally spent $100 in groceries today! How is that possible when just me
Fuck sorry
ma gurl.
so FYE
If u get this girl do her so right
This is the first weekend I felt relaxed, since school opened
Me whenever I try to play with Midnight. I know he loves me. He's just been through a lot
All thinking about is all the skyline and wild mikes about to eat in like a week
I own two pairs of sneakers. I hardly ever wear sneakers. I feel left out.
trying to come down ASAP
Bae bout to give a fye ass back rub when i get out the shower too ! Or ima kill him
i really only got feelings for one person but shit be in the way
I want a watermelon sucker
Oh damn that was autocorrect, gets me all the time
I Have My Heat On Tonight But It's Getting Hot
I wanna go to the skating rink soooo bad somebody take me
videogenic with no pictures
I miss him in Pittsburgh.. I wanted a jersey so bad
My eyes are leaking
You >>>Yo thigh tattoo
I wanna take a foreskin shot
Ugh baby fever is real
..(but no mini me until dirty thirty)
wait to just get out of work and knock out I need sheep
I wanna do prom again it was so fun
I didnt leave the house yet and im ready to be back home.
I like nobody cause still fw this Nigga
i really need to go shopping
I have puppy and baby fever
So Happy She Was Really Playing Out Here
I was in the middle of going for a night run and now im all kinds of messed up lol no focus just cheesin
Today and moving forward going on a diet
Man RIP A legend he died a hero!!!!!
I really want to go to work tomorrow.
My body had enough of the weekend
I just need ONE Weekend off. I just want to do hood rat shit with my friends
trying so hard to bounce back. I too old for this partying lifestyle.
Cmonnnnnnnnnnn I need some gangsta shit in my life & i know you got it in the vault
Leave her alone an angel face sure she even doing anything
I fucked her on the spot. just being honest
Me finding out the next 2 episodes will be Rick last.
Fuck sex, can I lay with you and tell you why I'm the way I am we can still have sex but still
I really wanna go out dancing
I had wings stop in forever
missing my boys Bobby V & Rodney
knowing that get the X, i gotta get used to the fact it have the middle button
Butterflies in my stomach when I hang around you
I have a sick fat kid weakness for chocolate glazed munchkins and donuts
Honestly with all my heart I love this man
I miss these comforting hugs
Holy guacamole I forgot the backup account
Face break down pimple everywhere, how to decrease this pimple
Meanwhile I spend tuesdays alone
I move forward not backwards not re-fucking w nobody
didnt u see in the pic
I need to take better mirror pictures I was so good once
My arms rarely get tired when I braid my hair. The back pain tho...
so bored like I really wait until my boyfriend come home
Somebody text me till I crash
I have so many things to thank him
Need
nawww that 3rd car w the dogs is what shattered my shit
watching this again and like man why are they so beautiful
Messiah still up & im beyond tired
I sure ready to go back to reality tomorrow after being off all week
she is so bad not even funny looks are soooo deceiving
So soft why am I a harbinger of death while an ocean princess
Ready to hit my bed
How ima be waking up tomorrow
On my period craving hell of snacks
My Bday week was amazing! Thank You To Bae & My Friends
Or this cute
I need to watch this documentary but I go on Facebook
Need a back , booty & foot massage
This is a wipeout
I need some meds but I wanna go to Walmart
so tireeeed . slept all weekend
I need a full body massage
Kansas Chiefs are nice hard for me to say being a broncos Fan they might win the Super Bowl!
I wanna buy a house with stairs , i got weak knees
Im crying This probably feels so good
on here when I want too ,!!
such a can you change your gloves ass bitch. And I never how the person is gunna react and it makes me so nervous
Another unproductive week for me
Craving ice cream rn
Soooo......
Who's willing to help these ppl out??
I can't do this alone
Any help is deeply
I want to go back
These Anxiety Attacks
this migraine gotta go !
I love body scrubs the peach DOVE smells so good
That voice man .. been too longg
oh more then dead im a fuckin goner
time for a new phone.
wish i was bench cause a bitch was tired and played like straight butt
In that order
I just need some company rn
Girl my favorite time of year
Woah. Amy Tapper is huge
Kansas City dead nice
I want a bomb ass sandwich.
I just want this girl to be my forever
Is my team even awake
Wow!!!
Amazing
I really care if SM let him do any of these cf because SM.
But I am
Ngano cancelled ang class
Somebody read this SOP manual to me
Oh yeah i want my lashes done too
I LOVE THAT WE BOTH CORRECTED HER UGH OUR MINDS
I want a pickle
I felt this!
I need to study but
Love this bitch REAL HOTGIRL SHIT BITCH
So much better than talking about it
I miss my gf already & I just left her
You too boo!! Shows not the same without you
Worst feeling ion be knowing what to do with myself
Yesss
That turkey leg was hittin at the fair I got two.
My friends wonder what is wrong with me but in a daze of your love you see
How bout when 3 cop cars pull up at the same time ... I almost vomited n shit simultaneously
I need her DR Name
All u girls are looking so cute in ur Halloween costumes on my tl like wow keep slaying
doing a halloween photoshoot and so excited
I hate being single during the holiday season I swear. Look how cute
I need a serious ass back massage
This is just so bad in so many levels, but still funny asf
I want one
Thank you so much leah you are the best and i wait for more crazy mems with you!!
Wish somebody was saying the same thing about me omg
Am I really wide awake at 5am because I am full of cold
I want wine but I wanna get up to get it
Give it to you
My nunnunnunnunnunnun nunbit
Fucking stuck in my head
Puberty 2!
okay! kinda cool and now I have a stretch buddy so I love them now)
I done fucked up and napped too late.
tired of looking at my bank account & not seeing any money in there
I did get the disruptors in black tho everyone has the white ones end me
Cheetahs prints is it son
They seem allergic to home wins
very hard to get motivation for school when been doing straight schoolwork since last fall semester, a girl needs a break
We are on our third try of putting nova down after she falls asleep. This girl is being so difficult lately.
so thirsty
I need this
I was literally thinking about this today, I miss them!!
Luckily I work with children everyday so I do my makeup
I have a bad dreams
Really ?? only been off going on three months and I was on for 2 years. I would take a normal monthly over this
worked at 7 locations on ready for my location to open up
supposed to rest and become a new over the weekend but twice as exhausted.. STILL.
Wish these contractions were the real thing ready to meet my son & know how much longer I can take being so uncomfortable
My model Baby getting so old on me
*High sex before bed tho...
i did my 10 placement matches all at once and never ever will i do it again
This weekend was nothing short of relaxing
: Winter is gonna be a real bitch when it comes I bet gonna snow again too
Just when you think life going good everything just go down hill
wait until I get my apartment ima be getting dick dick alllllll the time
they're so annoying
Bitch no lmfao block out ugly cousin
Potty training Camille is gone drive me crazy
I miss my girl
all my bills paid I feel good but broke
I need this girls arms
I will be the first one to Bitch: cold outside
been so busy all week, I need time to myself
Shit i wish I could
getting something done to my hair next week finally
Someone got 4cc tickets yesterday for listing off vegetables.
About to gts
Lord I need my hair done
Not with the 1 star
READY FOR MY TRIPPPPPPPPPPPPPP ..
Not ready for this
I have zero problems with white boys they just not for me like it was cool while it lasted but
Kelly' hair I want box braids but my mom is too busy to braid my hair. *She told me she would braid my hair a
How I Be Feeling When My Head Not Done
his high note in King of the Clouds... im fading
Man Ima sleep so good tonight wait to get in the bed
we rt
Facial or Nails help
my body sore af from class yesterday
The whole thought about having to pack up all my things to move is already killing me
Ugh im def creepin on this girl behind me in line mcds...this bitch is so pretty like damn can we be friends?
want my summer bod back
Legit got everything I ever asked for and some & never stop thank God for it all. Cause mannnnn
How you trying to hold a nigga down when the reason down kept your dick suckers shut
so sad
I have a sick fat kid weakness for Cinnabon
Why i watch movies with craZy things happening it drives me insane my anxiety is going going crazy
Today has been extremely overwhelming way too much going on in the world right now
Uwu so freaking cute!
I love winter nights
I swear my closet organized asf , until I have to go out
Why is his voice so beautiful
Why am i wide awake, I just want to sleep
Smh I need to cop these upcoming yeezys zebras,sesames,frozen yellow,
I just want a spa day haha... fucking drained
My phone accidentally fell out my hand and hit my baby I thought she was going to wake up
thanksgiving turkey stuffed
by the time my mother sends my lil its gone be the end of the semester
.i cooked all this food and can barely eat cause i feel horrible
I did
Been single for like a month now
my head has never hurt sooo bad
tell me my baby all that
Because of twitter rewatching Charm School.... and HURTING me seeing how awful these wigs and weaves are
hot
Yo..
She is the coldest
Sex tape
In Korea you make a million dollar empire of it
I really feel bad for her
I miss my babe already
WHENNN is someone going to make a neopets app
wait to get my double layer one
The iconic bandana
We really need a Krispy Kreme in hawaii
Wow I need friends to talk to. Talking to 1 person sucks when they not texting u back
I know be gone this long
only in 2 episodes of season 4 and being fed supercorp so well
belly button
What you won't do, to do for love
You tried everythinggg but you don't give up
Omg king of my heart forever and always
Still one of my favorite songs ever
I love me a nigga with a beard & waves
Hey do the exact same thing. Just let me know when safe to unmute your account haha
My sister is so lucky to have me as a big sister we be eating goooooood
Im so stress
I need a manicure & full set my nails hurt
Get back into my life
Been away from school for 5 days but ready to get back to awesomeness! Are you ready for your
Oh my gosh I know he not on the aux though
I even want a boyfriend, i just want consistent dick
michonnes reaction
I wanna be in Oklahoma rn watching Jake rope
i am so fed up with girls, plz stop confusing my sexuality
so hungry boutta raid my clients kitchen man 6am come here this 24hr got me tired
Moving oli based mud from halliburton to a rig
Ugh i hate that I wish just say no sometimes so know to stop waiting
I really need to get my hair braided I can't be spending 1hr infront a mirror detangling
Bubble baths and wine are my weakness
I wanna do this so bad my shit would be lit asf
I know just soooo anxious
Done W. 6 Classes Online Already And I Have 1 More
this was me when Tommy and Tasha cornered Angela in the season finale of Power
It working out
you aint have the name picked out before you started pushing
ya, wanting to FINALLY SEE U
No idea what I wanna be for Halloween
I would NEVER be posting pics this soon but fashionnova fault
Ugh yes last night surprised it took so long tbh
fucking stop eating
I see myself dropping that $25 for the work jacket
I pray I never get that down bad about these niggas like how do... really go out so sad
Mimi Snoring like a grown ass man
Today I had a volleyball tournament.. it was pretty chilly out. Not too sunny... so HOW THE HECK did my face get such a bad sunburn!?
If the jags had mahomes
I need a back rub
Oouu awesome! Tbh cause such a curvy girl, Garage has never fit me properly .. but
Love that my handsome lets me baby him, he highkey love that shit dios protejemelo
My last night in town with nun to do
I need a robot that can do cornrows so I can wear my wigs man
in love with my new nail color !
Mine x ft Drake will always bop
My little cousin better than yours
My back hurts I just want a blunt
I love my titties I wish I could keep them forever
So tired but fall asleep.
now when I use a iPhone 8 and lower.. it feels weird
Sooner than expected? When are they planning to release it
that?
I cannot handle how beautiful Asahd is
The way this little boy been pressing down , you swear he is tryna make his arrival sooner than later
I got the zombie spatula a couple weeks ago I love it
so tired I half cleaned my room and half did my hair gn
Am I the only 1 who loves Starbucks
when in Uber & about to die because you need to shit like no tomorrow
undress my love
mean as shit idk what to say outta my mouth sometimes
I finally leave for my trip tomorrow
Temperature outside dropping.. I hope I get sick
I missed it
I want to go to a pumpkin patch
just soooo tired and exhausted
I hate packing!!
I took two great naps today
Wohoooo
Dominique Jones is not my friend..I know shorty been jealous of me since she met me but we wwbt to the same
job , car , then back working on my own apartment again wish I would of just took my first one by myself
I just wanna cuddle my man rn
my room is cold af
i hate how bad my eyesight is
Wtf is going on with me
Boahhhh I felt this , in my heart RIP Granny
Watching Family Feud bc no baseball on
Not gas station sushi
I mean I know but probably someone super hot
True life: addicted to Simply Lemonade
They did!! Next they need to yeet this lil but older girl to Skate Canada + expedited passport next week
Sunday and I already want this week to be over
my ears keep ringing
whoever keeps talking shit about come see me
Class tomorrow
Nobody tries me and pisses me off more then you but nobody else makes me feel like you
Nobody why you making us look at this
This so sexy luv a good leg tattoo
green hearts keeps
Patiently waiting to be a mommy and do mommy things
Full and sleepy
What a tease
I would just about melt
I sympathize with you. I know what is is but during the summer they just leave me alone.
I was so much happier in Disney World, I need to go back
This is so pure
I love my job now but been getting so many emails for better opportunities
I need girl friends to go shopping w/ and do girl things
This fucking paper
when my son is ready to go to bed, he pulls me, blows everyone a good night kiss & then waves bye. like when did you get this big
he only sat still because i had his frisbee
Just thinking about all the deadlines this week already drains my energy. Ugh!
I take selfies and honestly no one sees any of them
high af and this man bout to blow me
Awww my last retweet got me wanting a kitten again
how did monday get here so fast ? i want to go to work tomorrow
I miss singing in choir tbh , need to exercise this instrument
Dm pictures of your dogs
I told myself I would not take a nap today but I help it now wide awake and fall asleep
Lord our house would be explosive
Cuban Doll wasnt playin no games
WHYD I THINK IT WAS A GOOD IDEA TO WATCH HAUNTING OF HILL HOUSE BY MYSELF
everyone in mmld finally remembered their twitter password bless
I stop listening to new album
Who the fuck eats turkey
The yellow pack of skittles are my favorite
I lied! Feel it my whole jam.
just got my nails done friday and ready for a color change already
I really want beer but I'm trying to lose weight
love a boy with a nose piercing...
Really wish i wasnt allergic to crab legs
I think everyone would be calling him Isa instead of Carter
Where tf is the elotero man at
10/21/61 my moms birthday today lay easy babe girl I love I miss u
also my
I wish I could have you
Omg sis please I try but thank you luv
My bf is a real blessing.
so good!! Thank you so much, beauty!
.im so mad as bad as i craved these greens.
When you realize only 2 episodes left with Rick Grimes.
have you know the sax at the end of come in like soft porn
BSB has been renovated since my time so pretty sure the mystery bathroom couch is gone
Lmao I can hear my momma say all yo ass want get some food but oatmeal cream pies
definitely be at chief keef . I just wanna hear faneto
I want to do homework
Ohhh nooo beautiful I know why he ashamed
I gotta get an oil change after I get off in the morning
trying to shoot my shot but hella out of my league :(
Who wet the blunt
Had fun cousin
All the chicks that curve me they always be on my dick later on down the line
Ole baby help it
Sunday scaries
Been tryna go to sleep but & im sleepy wholetime
in DESPERATE need of a massage
I have the worst headache ever rn
ready to go on a vacation
Oh man, yoongi and his words
Wishing u would come home
I love Maui but I honestly wait to get home back to
I hate how nervous King gets its like depressed idk what to do
I swear I miss that New Orleans pipe
I be having baby fever sometimes , someone let me borrow their child for a day
My eco sure visit go as planned but I have 45 days til they come back. So with that being said time
I doubt that it is a contributing factor.
I went to target to get stuff for the house and walked out with hella stuff for
I needed her so bad
Ugh we need a video lyke this
Cheerios frost flakes or Cinnamon Toast Crunch are my choices but i feel like moving
miss you more! i gotta get back in classs!
Boi when will you guys come back to Montreal?
Oh my god it's feral I'm in a couple BTS groups and whenever there is a fan edit like Liskook. No
Missyou dii
just so lucky that missed all opportunities of attending for years
Can I Please Safe This Video
Life is so unfair HAHAHAHAHA
Omg I know where you from but it must be heaven for you to be so darn nice >w< We
Dude I think 2018 has been my worst year yet. Just gotta keep praying things get better before I give up.
see how handsome he is ????
Went to my wedding. Now completely in my feelings
i smashed my thumb the other night and it still hurts
the feeling of having to throw up is horrible but you feel so much better after.
Need a haircut
I need to go back to meal prepping. I just need to get my shit together
I wait for winter break, tired of waking up at 6 in the morning on weekdays just to get ready for school
Thank you sugar really gorgeous too
I just want to come back to
Okay I need to start w my assignment I woke up at 1am for how can I still be lazy 4hrs later ???
Nicks blown that back out Omg whose
Is GSW about to gut another team? that game winner against Utah enough
idk which one to watch first, hard carry or bon voyage
How am I supposed to focus on homework with this game right now GO CHIEFS
Hopefully! If not time for a complete overhaul. Aging sucks ..
I wish
Fideo is so bomb
But they always do
damn I shoulda known u forgiving
I need your help planning it too !
I already know this is my worst fantasy football week this season without a doubt
Reallyyyyy wanna work
ah cute
brooklyn finally making some crab legs we been talking bout them for a couple weeks lol YOU KNOW I GOTTA SLIDE AND GET MY PLATE TOMORROW.
Omg that sad face. I handle it
Like it marinated more. Almost like when left overs taste even better
My little baby sleeping like a baby
Me rn
that beef shit be all fun & games til you find out folks really about that life
I need a massage
Man I was so happy to see you and baby kiss her sweet little face for me! We love you
Ima Get That Jumpsuit Its Bomb
Ainda prefiro a April com o Jackson
I move away far enough.
The Cincinnati Bungles.
She did that shit again like what the fuck man
& see the ass nigga
4/12 pills she needs to take are capsules so I grind them up and we have any soft dog treats
My nigga poured his heart out to me last nigga and I had absolutely nothing to say because nobody ever did that before
in the mood for empanadas
Urgin me , she be urgin me yeah
13 weeks today and mastered sit and down! my first Australian Shepherd and hopefully not my last
Feeling a sore throat coming. Nope nope have time to get sick
Paper due tmrw midnight and starting it now
happy birthday hope you have a good case of the mondays tomorrow !
class cancellation emails make me wanna scream & shout
Good morning!!! I have sore ass.
Yo first tweet! Hope I get my account suspended
I really wanna go to Halloween horror
Ughhhhh so good
It be the niggas that you want that be tryna give you the world
need to get me some crab legs and hot melted butter.
In times like this all I need is my Tony bennet to warm these tingling tits
Damn I miss my boo already
This is us is such. Heartbreaking show
My nigga poured his heart out to me last night and I had absolutely nothing to say because nobody ever did that before
I see all peace in my future no more stressing for me, speaking it into existence
can I get this.
Ignoring everybody...leave me alone...go away
That was my attitude all day today
We had fun we flighted for two days
Q come back!
Lmao Mother Nature gave us a week of Fall weather and said it
I wish I could send back the freezer-packs to be reused. Seems like such a big waste
dreams
Braids never last in my hair
I wanna watch NBA, do I buy the package or just go to bar every night
People will choose everybody side BUT an air sign in an argument. They really don't wanna see you winning
My ear been hurting
I'm not in Melbourne
03:24 am and im waking up every half hour,why does time go so slow when youre ill?
Am I the only one gets sad when the raptors or any of the innocent dinosaurs die in Jurassic World like wtf did they do
That body scrub got my body feeling and smelling good
If I was half as psycho about what goes into my body as I am about what P eats, I would drop 70 damn lbs in a month
I miss my girl
Legit just want to go home to see imy
a bitch want to
My phone is either dry or I have everyone tryna talk to me at once
Kareem hunt needs to chill lol playing him in fantasy
...wait people really out here not knowing how to burn CDs. I must be old now
Aww poor you
I seriously miss my nephews so much rn
that song
I need some bundlessss
I have been wanting cereal for daysss . I have yet to fulfill my craving
READY TO SHOWER AND GO TO SLEEP
wanna take a bubble bath
That shit take too much work and they shed and catch on fire lol
5 injections in One day th
I believe how much I miss Ghana When I was there I was crying everyday to come home now here I am missing it
In so much pain
Anaya could do no wrong like ive said before. sheesh fineeeeself
everything is temporary.... even the things you want to be forever
making chili this week
Are they really?
What are the Cleveland Bengals doin
CHAEYOUNG IS SO CUTE
Kinda missing the blonde
ship mo ba kc at renz for mah friend's happiness, sige
Craving ice cream
drinking nothing but water this whole week. Between yesterday & today, i have drank way too many cold drinks.
have high hopes, bad for health. Mag@2$2&@;&;$;&@2@/@-9191&17373 sona
this your twin
I still love the album views sm
this shit fair
The Lark stayed with the fresh BeBe velour jogging suits tho
I need to stop
So Glad Brax Turned Me Onto My Jeans x Lil Baby CAUSE THATS MY SHIT
oh my god so powerful in both color and black and white
Pretty wings def gets me in my feels one of my favs actually
craving an ice cream sundae
How could you not love females theyre so beautiful mane
Lol... That was the end of the sermon then!
I wanna do something to my hair but idk if I should cut it, add to it, braid it, dye it, whatever..
I need some weed to calm my damn nerves but guess what I afford that either
i actually saw them during mama era but didn't really try to get to know them (which i deeply regret
an emotional wreck right now & i know why wtf
Yeah I really liked it, I was so glad to see my angsty children again
When I tell you I am exhausted. I am exhausted
some tacos with horchata would be really good rn
Literally on the worst flight EVER!!!!! like 80 degrees in here I am sweating to your seat. NEVER AGAIN
just want some hot cheetos
you can stan these groups, but to badmouth either of them (or any group, for that matter) is UNACCEPTABLE, YA FEEL ME.
still waiting for Romeo Santos to get back with Aventura and make me an album
Facts
When I was pregnant my stomach was small cause small I be seeing ppl bigger then me like why so small
Fucking crying
i've been tweeting that i need someone to help me stan them for MONTHS and no one came through i know all their
That is definitely you girl thank you sm !
People really be dealing with their own demons and taking it out on others . Not cool
Swear my girl spoils me too
IM HUNGRY !!!!!!
Have you ever taken a 20 minute Nap and woke up the next day. Sheesh
I want an Oreo blast from sonic
Speechless by Dan & shay is a whole ass mood.
I feel like an old lady everything hurts & always sick
I can't remember the question still... Tabang
Best blankets though
MashaAllah penat and mengantuk, what a good combination
Injured my nail breaking apart pumpkin bark
I want braids and faux locs until like March
so rick has 2 episodes left
pissed , because I know be famous soon . Them 2012 tweets probably TERRIBLEE lmao
Fuck that rolling loud ticket he got her the sultry pallet
I want a good ass crab cake
And dragging him miserable I could care less you come for me im ending you
And my whole body hurts
Miss dis bitch
girl you are very welcome,( i am still shook).
my gf planned the best anniversary gift ever this girl cannot be stopped
Do you really know? Why you playing
I really need to go on a shopping spree but I gotta get other major shit out the way first
Make your free throws
Yoooo boys confusing
Napabakal ID holder alang-alang freshie days here we go!
i just need text that like to talk about weird random stuff with no judgement.
Markoffs in Maryland
Sometimes I just need to be by self & not be bothered
Me ajuda a te ajudar
Lima beans are so good cooked right
This why they lost these trash
hi jenny do you have any tips for buying tickets for the love yourself tour? so afraid i get tickets
But then again idk .. I love my X , my favorite iPhone
Love, baby, dog. I want no dog. And the baby gotta wait too.
Tired of Fw these lames baby I just need a thug
Imagine crying your heart out to someone and they get mad cos youre annoying them lmaoo
Why it feel like im bout too be up all night
sucks to have my macbook spoiled bc i cant watch movies now
SM is so blessed to have Mark on his team He literally the best thing that has happened to him and all of us. We dont deserve him.
I just ran up on this cute ass recording from my old thang I wanna send it but I forgot the number again
If I knew how to say stress tf out in Spanish I surely would because apparently mfs just not understanding English
I need to be sitting under this dryer
remind me of the first time i missed with a dude.
we humped each other stupid
My nail lady for 3 years got fired because she was overcharging people
Tapos may pa-assignment pa si Jill at Sir Inabore. Wuuuuh
i want a nice fishplate
Duhh my cousin bouts to get me right
Quiero pinches bailar
Gotta be up early for work tomorrow tomorrow
always been spoiled and always had my way, so trying to break my babygirl/bad habits are so hard!
We bout to lose
Ugh tomorrow Monday
Need a body pillow like yesterday
My mother talking about how she needs lunch cook for me like damn am I the only
finals na pala this week pero wala pa akong review review dahil sa mga peta
NOOOOO only on episode 5
absolutely blows my mind I NEED TO KNOW THE TRUTH
My poor baby girl jasmine hit 120,000 miles today
I ordered bikin tops cuz I thought they fit me, they def do not. Toooooo small and I spill out I just want a
This show has me in tears.
Imma show her about to take my ass to bed.! emotional && scared at the same damn time
How could you, I opened this in front of my mom
Best thing I ever did was fall out of love
thats how i was ! turns out its a stomach bug going around !
no one ever wants to sing this with me
reasons why i wanted a fem
Someone lend me 250$ plzz
Ok her hair is slayed !!! Wish i knew who could get me right
ok back to the gym this week. im getting fatter
HOW CAN U SAY THAT bleh stressseddd ahaha like thank u I love you for believing in me but
So my boyfriend gave me a pillow-top mattress cover and like 5 inches of pure joy
Getting him to sleep in
I was fucked up last night
hmm still consider cheap but a joint concert right
My right hand is itchin baaaad
Woooooooooow soooo jealous But we got Travis Scott and some other dude I
Orang lain dah move on lagu safiey alias kot. Why am i stuck with bobo duh
we going no where
This weekend is catching up with me. so sleepy
I keep going from app to app let me just take my ass to bed
I want a peach cobbler! Now Put Yo Thong On & Cook Me One
I GOTTA GET OUT OF BALTIMORE
I miss cheering for pal so much
Tomorrow I really gotta get cracking on all the shit I have to do
Trying to fall asleep work in the Am
I went back to sleep at 1 I just woke up omfg
okay another cute baby has been added to my daily stories
My ear hole loose asf
we should go but we got school
I just wanna sleep, and nap, and sleep today
ep 41 right now about to be over
Ima miss Fabiola this week
I just got home from work ready to shower light a candle and watch movies
This is beautiful
Why is everyone on riverdale so damn hot
I want forever fuck is u talkn about
The weekends go so fast
disappointed I see him
I had a take home exam and I still got a bad grade this is how my life is going
plus want to make you their wife
Need a man who can last rounds
I just love that woman so much
so bad thinking about selling my ticket
I still believe I burned myself with my wand looking like I have a ratchet ass hickey now
i've been having a migraine all day
can I just end my life right now? Pagod na pagod na pagod ako
Cute!
I wanna eat my Mexican leftovers from earlier but i have anything for lunch tomorrow if i do
i love them
DUDEEEE!! AoT manga!!
I need to go bed..I got uni
What a lonnng day
During family devotions just now.
i gave you that nigga and you still pressed !! what else you want babygirl ?
Finally Off. Long ass Sunday..
Hate myself for starting
I stop watching
Who thought when we was fuckingggg was the lasttttt time!!
cancel Kodak black and 69 please
41 degrees my nigga
ading so cute
So the fair coming Thursday I will be there
Currently Nd Im Losing Kid
watch tomorrow
That massage got me achy af
Probably should go to the hospital but I don't have it in me .
Omg he was so right wooowww
sick of this .. I feel like time
still exhausted from that 17+ hr shift. Idk how ppl do that shit on a regular..
whoever in that picture are lucky af they got a selfie with jimin and kookie
How she stack that
in my feelings looking at everybody post their old college pics I will forever say that college was by far the best 4 years of my life
That fact that Nick last few instasbaps was about God showing him who there and loyalty
Bruh im hella bored smh fuck this work shit
cold
i miss asakisu so much, it hurts my soul.
48 floors by tory lanez is underrated
believe the hawks beat the cavs. cavs should have fed lebron the ball more
so happy
I know better than henny 2x
Basically watched this whole season today
Awww Thank you Ave. And I know be lying to myself if I say she be a diva
I'm there right now.
this baby fever is getting me
In other words, Trump's kinda gal.
Love, baby, marriage
how do you want peace in the storm you created ???
I just bought this new body wash and finna be smelling so edible
I just need my future husband to see me succ the meat off a turkey neck then I know I got him
everyone is gone i can clean up , shower , do homework and relax ... thank you !
MailMan , leron , li Eric & Shay birthday is coming up
I forgot how many sex scenes in this movies
really out there just looking like whole snacks
So freaking exhausted
& it no way in hell , that I can be just friends w/ you.
Listening to Christmas music, I wait
I CAN remember the last time been cuddled up
i have a scar on my knee & it hurts/burns soooo much i even bend it
My weight gain was just cause I ate like shit the whole time lol so gonna be hard to lose
How did I get so blessed man? I thank God daily for bringing me into your life baby. I swear I deserve
Dumb Tired
Another 13 days
Bruh I Was Suppose To Host Your Mixtape And All That IM STUCK RIGHT NOW
Getting drunk so I can get freaky and not do shit about it
tired of spending all my money on weed probably be banded up if I smoke
No el gif
I am super sleepy rn
So hiring a dog nanny for my baby pup ... iono want him to be lonely ... possibly even puppy daycare
gone hold back for that right one I feel is right cause they gone wanna leave nooooo cap!
idk if I like getting the jitters after drinking coffee
toooo cold not to be cuddled up
cause goodole nuh deh pon it again
someone recommend me a mechanic that can help with a transmission plz
we should've taken a pic together
go pick up noonei, go home and finish my paper, attempt to sleep and be back up and at work by 8am, Jesus be my strength
Been trying to be supportive to everyone else and for some reason I just let the past get me down
no do this on here friend
Hehehe I want her to have another photoshoot like the one in my dp again short haired hyunnie is powerful
i ate some weed brownies earlier & been smacked all day. ..
I want horchata so bad rn
Nothing is promised to me & you so why would we let this thing go ?
Minnie is soooo freaking pretty like CAN HE NOT
During family devotions just now
hi, hello, talking to a new aries man because they just seem to LEAVE ME ALONE
Ummmmm you tell me you was leaving me cut ... where you going
Fell asleep with my contacts in yesterday my eyes still red
When he put that oil on I was shook cause i thought he had foundation on already
Why do I feel like 6lack is me
Yooo I beat her ass on live
Seriously find these anywhere?? So can somebody help
I need a whole year of sleep and zero responsibilities cos been tired for waaaay too long now
Food was oil
Please stop retweeting porn on the TL, Sunday please
I really wanna dye my hair black and cut it
tired as hell and i do much today
Did you finish watching 22 July? Is it worth it?
I really want the new iPhone when just last much I like it. I stand this mind control Apple has
clenching. Make me wanna call my dick appointment RIGHT NOW.
Managers, teachers, family, friends, Etc
During family devotions just now
"The cube is the end of the labyrinth. Is it the last comeback?"
tangina mo di ka ba mahal ng nanay mo
you so beautiful thank you
HE LOOKS SO HANDSOME MAVUQBDKAUXYAOQ The love of my life
I feel bad for girls in their late twenties that would do anything to be my age again give it up u look weird
is no joke lol. Loud af. Cincy shook
When Summer was doing vines
I need the sultry and norvina palette someone come thru for me
YOOO LMFAO Go like my last 5 posts then comment DONE to be noticed 60secclub champ TBA tonight on story
8wks =16 more class meetings left, counting down.
This tbg bout to be so aids
Oh you think i got money money
Bruh my ass was already getting to be and I just saw that uts barely 7:30 lmfao I'm getting old
it's too soon
All I wanna do is eat
Ughhh this was my fav vine
The haunting of the hill house is good and all until watching it alone in my apartment in state that I know anyone
Like we really gotta go back to our responsibilities now.
His tears are falling down my face rn makes me think of even the simplest of things I take advantage of that
Hey got a quesadilla from and it looks dank af.
Sadly, I live a life of no queso.
& i have an outfit
Grandpa calls me Billy now Oof
Boo, no worries we just had to let he jokes fly. We mad at you frfr
Bruhhhh can someone please teach me how to use iMovie or Final Cut Pro ?!?! A bitch is out here failing miserably
Right!
starting to see why i get braids majority of the time
[YOUTUBE]
STREAM - First Time
Views - 2.9M
Goal - 5M
INCREASE your speed
Stream
I forgot you came over that year it was
I want this
Tobias from Divergent. I always pronounced it in Spanish while then I watched the movie.
ive been planning on deleting it for a while now...but I will miss everyone im close with on here
My got my gray hair poppin
i like white guys at all but this dude i work with just might make me a white mans whore nah but this
And def a Canada Dry
Lmfao okay you texted me it too i love you
omf eric who hurt you so sorry
Thank you babe my hubby snapped them after I shot a session in this beautiful location tonight
It fell
Need my credit score to touch 800 already
LMAO I hate
is it for the website you posted?
Jeremiah just got home and still insisted on FaceTime us
I eaten this in forever, my childhood in a picture
I love my boyfriend
Nuggets hit some free throws here and we are good
I been sleep all day , and still sleepy
I know why I keep staring into my phone thinking text me & tell me somethin good
Back to work.
I want some yeezy
this is cute
Why yall keep shooting people
Time goes by so fast when having such a good time
i need money to make money
seriously!
Two weeks left for sembreak & i havent even finished any kdrama yet
I be wantin to go to homecoming but the block be too hot I lookin for trouble and trouble lookin for me
I was thinking the same thing! Imagine being on their twt and phone
I want to go to a spa
But I hate frogs
I be the only human being in this world who debates calling in at least once a week
I currently move because my man is sleeping on me but ok because he looks so peaceful
Ass so fat I need a lap dance
I gotta feeling ima go in labor early these Braxton Hicks kicking my ass she at least need to stay until after the baby shower
You Make Me Wanna Do Better In So Many Ways , Im So Lucky To Have You I Know You'll Be By Me Through WHATEVER!
Not looking forward to sleeping alone at all
Omg nephew calls me Turtle face IM DEAD
The mole
I'm really stuck in my car a big ass opossum just ran under my car and I haven't seen it come back out
so ready for my baby girl to come
Been driving for 7 hours
If I win one bingo game ima lose it!
It's too soon... I thought it was happening toward the end of the season
we keep on winning
i want somebody to win me a bear at the state fair.
almost over ?! this bitch flew
This srsly wait to be done school and working a full time job
can't wait for the day I find the loml & we have a little us and we just live our best life
Miss You Already.
my Nona knows not feelin it. she came up and cuddled me.
2 more weeks i can do it
When all about you, I deadass get disgusted by other men like leave me alone please
I cannot wait to watch basketball season
Girlllll forget the sisters merch, yourssss
I really miss the boy
Yo wtf why this picture got to come out blurry af
Me.. after finding out is only coming back in Jan 2019.
Sounds so good
It looks so nasty... i literally thought I was about to have a panic att**ck when i saw it
I just came so hard omg
Shoulda got some popcorn from my sister house
Dnno bout all that but at the end he says made me absent, put it as
ms. tinna snow finna blow up soon i just knowww
aaahh wait to go home & watch riverdale season 2!!!
my abdominal stitches popped
No more fried foods for the rest of the week for me ...I gotta slim these hips & thighs before my bday
Mia is really the greatest tiny human in my life
Three seasons later & we still here The ONLY reason/person sit three hours in the cold for Win
Ay yo
Only real ones remember the Amanda show
Miss you too
I am so over this cold
craving right now
tired of being single
Me neither Ton
I want a daughter i dont think i can wait 2 years
The backwards
lord knows
I have to sign up tho?
So his team camera test him at all.
why save the picture only one time when you can save it four times
Yup & when it feels like known each other for yeaaarrrsss, the feeling is better
Lucky army :')
Jm n jk so soft af
Being able to smoke in ya house is the best
I can feel Calvin pushing out on my stomach but every time I move my boobs he stops I just want to see his little foot
I hate guys like that!
I have one week to let everyone know the final details excited
so hurt. a nice guy
How bout we stop waiting for the last 10 seconds to win cause stressed. been stressed.
I wait to have a relationship like this
mom tell me again why we go to the chiefs game tonight?
HELL YEAH! That shit be intense af
The girls are wildinggg!
why you gotta do this to my heart??
just some about when a dude holds you like that from behind
Yessss!
I needed that. so helpful sis
When will Quin learn to manage late game scenarios especially timeouts
Answer ASAP please
very happy with them, but saquon is less than a week away
last night of then I get off day get this over with
I still get butterflies during the KUWTK episode where Kanye proposes to Kim
This emoji eats ass
i wanna watch daredevil after my exam but i really need to get my shit together and study for maths
my drafts are popping so lazy lol
I want a massage
cold af outside.
i want some lifesaver gummies
u bully me sometimes
My baby.
You're so mean.
I swear my phone stays dry
Mfs always tryna get over. not the one nigga just blew me fr
yess i cant wait all this hard work is really about to pay off
SONG
i been eating nugs when getting fucked up
My boo will literally rub my booty & scratch my back till I fall asleep
Lmao , I wanna have to search the black hole of twitter . Brb.
Aren't I so lucky
I forgot how much Cardi B speaks to me
..work be having me exhausted
Distance is a new beast for me, but Dom seriously makes it so easy.
I need to go to the dentist and eye dr
recreating a plan for like the millionth time but it's okay!
I hope my next roommate is a clean person
Lmaoooo was it at the northeast party
seeing my baby little kicks! this the best thing happened to me .
last night of work then I get off day get this over with
It take an army to make me eat when I be sick i miss my mama
frozen grapes all I have to say
Damn can i be next
I am so drained job is killing me
tired of always being in my feelings ready for this shit to be over like OMG
This is us. We have no idea what doing for the first time in a while
It feel so good to be in my bed I been here all break
This is why my favorite cousin
this would be me if I stop cutting my hair
not every five min lol
RIP soundgarden in Philly
I wait either!
LISTEN!! In the whole name
I want some strawberry banana french toast from ihop
please
so talented, lol but gotta watch her on mute if heard her YOU KNOW.
the little things that mean the most
Suddenly i want okinawa milk tea ft.
Bro I love elephants Def on my bucket list
Lunch packed, clothes laid out and wig ready for work in the morning back to the trap
I need to maintain my natural hair but it's so hard
my anime friend! Stay cute and stop walk far
Third Cash App Me When Ever
coworker
I wait to comeback to Cali watch how I diss though only linkin with the real ones
I finished my homework assignment early I get to somewhat relax tomorrow
Mine good enough?
I know god and I love him best thing that ever happened to me
Shower felt good as the fuck
I miss my Lil baby
what do bitches be wearing sometimes
I got 3 Doms in my phone and almost sent the sickest text to the Dom im semi dating she wouldve be like foh
I really wanna puppy
Yo nunca me he enamorado, bye.
My are almost over
why I gotta always be single .. goodnight babies going to sleep I had a good weekend now time to sleep
You gotta chill
gf is so hot????
Waiting for my call
This game
Good night doing a double tomorrow
Imma Miss Jaquan Acid Bt BEEN Time For It To Go !! BET HE WONT LOOSE THIS CREAM THIS TIME !!!
We really overlook the ones that want to be there for us and chase after the ones that are absolutely no good for you and a shame
Tell my job that see you this weekend sis
Dont Get Me Wrong Its Good Lookin Ass Women In Every Complexion But Its Just Something About Dem Chocolate Mfs
Not if really down for one another
Yes and I miss her
My peach cobbler was bomb
I can tell getting sick because not hungry and literally freezing under my covers.
18 years and counting
I felt that
Your babymother got herpes worry about that 1st while subtweeting me your resume to be my therapist
no wonder pengpeng lost all the weight he gained on back to field from huang lei's cooking jsjsksk
And waking up to my favorite alarm clock .. le
I need to get thick like that
Wow. I need to bring my dog here
Chosen party wore me out even make it on my date
I swear if you miss the first 5 mins of Law & Order SVU you might as well not watch it
gotta get this pimple injected or its gonna create another scar
Ugh yesss
Just really need a friend right now
TEAM ANDROID...
but I just bought an iPhone
Sativa by Jacquees hit me different
been in the O in a lil min
so hungry and feel like cooking
supposed to be eating well
I just found out youtube has one
i need to use somebody netflix
die if gotta get something less than a
Baby fever is coming and its a strong one!!
been closed
I wait to take my kids on family vacations already planning a Disney cruise lol and this child is like 4 days old lol
I was so cold walking from my car. not ready
I do t even know where I would get them
I can tell getting sick because for the last 48 hours I have not been hungry and freezing under my covers right now.
You look v happy in these pics but thank you so much
Look at her her side profile
Work at 6am
cuz that heaux disgustingggggg
my nails need a fill so bad
Love me forever , don't ever get tired of me . Why tf would you lie to me ? If I told you I got you, I got
I know getting old cuz I never get cold
Wow...he blocked the stank out of that ball!
cannot listen to lauryn voice crack and not start crying w her fuck man in a library rn
Watching Haunted on Netflix because I love ghost stories
If I had a boyfriend he would be so mf spoiled
Head is killing me rn
Denver is throwing this game away at the free throw line
Went to target to get some batteries and ended up spending $80 on bullshit
I can only imagine the pain this person was in I had two of the tiniest kidney stones and that was the most
I miss my sister already
Is it sweater weather yet
If I ever stop cutting my hair
Omg at this point i really want to actually talk to him what is thissssssasssss
I wish I was on vacation right now like alllllll of my snap friends seem to be!
Aw Judi dtp we really are!!! Hahaha definitely not going to be ready for winter tho I think 60 degrees is cold lmao
Kneegrow Caught On Camera.
gorgeous, gotta let me baby sit.
I be so bored it's ridiculous
Ate relden whyyyyyy
*granny big surgery next week
BitchI feel attacked. But does sis got heat damage?
A daycare would really help me out but at the same time I want her in daycare yet
Welp got my feelings hurt tonight GN
Ugggghhh bout to be a college drop tired
I need to slide in that mf one night
we used to be up Normandy all night last summer
Neat - Q Money been on repeat my feel good song lmaooo
Sis my rooms upside down bc we lost it sjsksk just glad trapped in the vacuum
Thanks, now I have that song in my head
Today was a tiring day and still not over
Not the coma
I said oh no why pressed
She Say , She Really Mad Love In A Min .
My life just did a 180 is 24hrs wtf
I love my hair at shoulder length, however, like to go shorter. You know what that means, though? No more high buns.
My home goods is already phasing out their Halloween stuff have to check again!
No he twerked for dorinachos at that one , but I think this was a parties El Paso party so it was ghetto ofc
I wait until next month so excited
Being complimented in person rather than social media can really make you feel a whole lotta typa way
I want to take a hot bubble bath and get in a bed
I hate that my new car doesnt have leather seats so i cant have my heated seats anymore i want my Kia backkkk
Toms mom got the heat on so it got EXTRA hot
girl I just gave myself a pep talk
The Miracle Season ruined the song for me i even listen to it anymore
Uuuggghhh hella fine!!!
AKU DAH DAPAT KOT TICKET KT IOI PUNYA TETIBA TRANSACTION FAILED SEBAB SALAH MASUK NUM CARD
I Really Just Wanna Cuddle & Smoke A Blunt Is That Too Much To Ask For ?
I wanna talk to one person and i dont have their attention
She is so active today
so ready for this semester to be over with!!!
Damn it man Phoenix up next
*Monday
mind the whole outfit malfunction goin on, look at that COLOR what color should I do next guyyyyssss?
been so afraid to pick him up because of that, but then he keeps doing this shit
What in the actual... Horrifying future ep?
This is so fucking precious
told myself I was going to go to bed early and even go to sleep. damnit
Why is there no emoji like this but with a dog?!
Knew this was up next
Every time I look at a video and see my tounge ring I want it back even more
No. I failed it.
Get me some food too
Omg I forgot about this place, it was the BOMB
Curry just set up Jones for a game tying dunk and he gets blocked smh
Does it all the time
When you get those cute and happy moments during the day but late at night all your demons get back.
They were bc Holder said to kick em when Repubs hit below the belt .. now murderers
Gotta at
Imagine us vibing then BOOM me and my ex back together
Yes be having me knocked out
In need of a bomb logo
majorly cba anymore please tell me the point in a constant routine of work and about 5 hour sleep every night
so headass walaahi I live for that shit
I need more heals
No part of me is ready to go back to reality tomorrow after a whole week off
The best feeling is when you take a hot shower and wash your hair so relaxing
I felt this
Way better then my MX9 reactive camo
I Hate When Im Sad , I'll Go Listen To Sad Ass Song To Keep Me In That Mood Til I Come Out Of It
actually right, where we miss the point. Thinking love nje on its own is everything
My day started off amazing and ended painfully
I want to go hiking I WANT TO BE IN QUIET SECLUDED NATURE
You Not Finna Tie My Hands & Feet ' Then Eat My Coochie & Think We Not Together ! Nigga Just Took My Soul
Drinking my wine before I start this workout tomorrow
a keeper
I wish I can have this superpower
Sooo in love with this woman
I want some dressed conch
I swear I feel myself reverting back into a pussy
hungry and my waiter is taking forever con mi comida like sis hurry eating for two
I want some neck bones, potatoes and cornbread
im watching my homework watch me ion feel like doing this but gotta get down
It's been one hell of a day and a drink like this is all I want but I guess we dont always get what we want...
3 more to take off to work
i just got hungry ash for some greens & bread
Just a reminder that I got to see this live a couple months ago
Trying to type this essay while laying down
i need a full day of sleep
I need help picking which pair of Metcons to buy
right??? my assumption is how different their personalities are, otherwise i understand
It came on again !
Girl I had em in high school about to get em again I wait
the one night gonna be hellaaa cold is the one night I be sleeping with my baby
Alittle was a bitch go to the fair this year
Just two days!
Sometimes I just need to hear how much you love me
amazing work! what song is this
It's so hot outside
Im coming to visit Xmas break around the corner
im watching my homework watch me ion feel like doing this but gotta get done
This me asf
in corpus still & im not in my car ! come over later !
I need to get up and fold my clothes
Got this robe on and still cold i need some socks but i sleep with stuff on my feet
I went two days without drinking cause I was sick boy wayyy lit and I know this not how I normally am
I need some now
I have a lot of weird habits
I really turn 24 in less than a month
speak of the devil & he shall run into your mother heb
Yesss and bitches not in my business
I still cry watching sweet home Alabama lol why am I like this
I miss playing hs soccer
I literally love her
Make Mississippi State Football great again
My baby boy is growing up too fast MashAllahhh time needs to slow down
still believe that last play w the cowboys like really bruh
tryna get my hair like this but i love the waves
One block
Being complimented in person rather than social media can really make you feel a whole different typa way
Nun of my teams winning tonight
Top right was me why are our lives the same
My fatass is hungry and all I want is Chick-fil-A and anything else I eat is not going to satisfy me
I MISS MY PIXIE CUT BUT I DONT MISS DOING MY HAIR EVERYDAY
SE ACERCA HALLOWEEN
wait til Saturday.
tell me about it. this is terrible
finally got my initial ring
Come down here and i'll take you to Disney PLEASE
Them abs stay in unless you eat right
to think around this time next year be in college readyyy
fold on me when shit gets hard
If you love cooking, do yourself a favor and watch Fat Acid on Good stuff.
And now hungry.
the way i miss my baby keeds
Puppy me please
louisiana weather so all i want to get a silk press
bringing them uggs out tomorrow, I even finna play w/ that weather in the morning
I want to pretend like I'm ready for this Anyway, with all these clues, theories and such, are we
Just want my family straight
If you call me dehumanizing and degrading names a wrap
been thugging out this cold, but in my final stages. taking my eye lord
Got stupid drunk yesterday night & my baby took care of me thought he was gone leave my ass for dead.
Till you get to college
Who am I?
I hope our wifi will be fixed today
Me asf last week I was mad asf
my head is pounding like shit, i just wanna sleep
JSKDJDJD I BELIEVE THEY CALL YOU A WEEB, bLASPHEMOUS
trying my best to stay strong but I feel like finna break stressing too fucking much
lost 20 lbs since pregnancy that breastfeeding is no joke.
I have a serious headache again
I physically cannot do anything rn because too emotional
Should i stop buying rings?
Reason why ready for December
never had a hangover last all day like this
Why must I have a speech Tuesday
I wish I could change my number
we say 7, we try at 8 but than start at 9
This gives my ears an eargasam
I just need a drink & exactly what about to do.
Damn I gotta be up early tomorrow to bring my car in
The reply tweets are me
I have this mood all the time I got 2,000+ messages of foolshiness, why they sit there
OF COURSE IT IS
only if knew what he was singing
Why am I still hungry
deff having a water birth been saying that for years!
so stupid i literally told myself to double check my bag because likely not everything would be in there
Josh has found my other account
They really upgraded
I miss you too !! School, nothing much
If only he know
That pepper steak and rice was so good
I hate the gym, but fuck I gotta get fine fine
Siapa nak letgo mid valley punya ticket for two tell me
Why I go to the concert tonight? so mad!
Might b the worst powerhouse ever. Meek uzi SzA An juice world gottta save this
This made my day
I know how to do two side braids all
Jus need one more battle and he can bow out gracefully
I need me an athlete any single male athletes like this real quick, I wanna see something
Qualifyinggggg exams are coming
Kia made shrimp nachos
I wanted to but unfortunately they allow costumes
I wait til next week
I think it would be so dope to have someone and be like really all and have that be an accurate statement
Karleigh did one with it i want him to sing it it would be adorable
omg so excited for my favorite song to be played live at the pray for the wicked tour! i
So danny is going to Kuwait next year for 9 months and he suggested to move back to Chicago....I really
Easy access for face riding
I just hope I pass all these exams this week
I know what do
I am not emotionally prepared for Monday! .... Vaca where are you!
if THESE SHEETS WERE THE STATES AND YOU WERE MILES AWAY FOLD THEM END OVER END TO BRING U CLOSER TO ME
I need somebody to step on my back
i know but im trying to be optimistic
Please
Can this cold front go away please i do this
I can no longer hang!! My goodness my eyes are so heavy
something about them forehead kisses
I haveeeee to eat better
I forgot because Somebody called me then I left the house.
Monday be coming so quick
i definitely did get water
I do this was my mood today but I was like nah I gotta chill
Really wanna cut my hair again
Ugh been wanting those for sooo long too blessed
Is it black ice by little tree??
Damn been so busy at work forgetting about all my fantasy teams
wtf all so pretty like everyone who bought the Clarity cleanser already has such clear skin
kwento....soon lmao huhu creepy
This is sooooo cuteeeee
Now i can relax
missing my baby
That post just made me think about that night we got pulled over i just knew i was about to lose my job lol
lolol not how kusakabe's gay crisis is me
MCW saw way too many tweets abt him being our livingston
Lucky kblinks
Okay I passed two of my subjects, still waiting for the other three to be submitted. Bat kasi antagal
allhailhugenaturals: Cassie0pia tits are fuckin magnificent
I see it but maybe a good thing because I wanted to buy 5 too
R/P I wonder how niggas live with themselves knowing they beg other man
I need a friend that wanna make me wigs all the time
Can someone send help please, I fucked around and got attached.
I really know how i feel about the haunting of hill house, on episode 6 now but episode 5 gave me mixed ass feelings
Ohhhhh where have thou Gone
Oh but I'm looking forward to the things to come Los Angeles,
My toes cute rn I stubbed my big toe & that shit cracked my nail now all ugly lmao.
I think my little boy is having a bad dream bc he ran to my chest in panick but I feel like sleep running
Six day work weeks do not work for me. I need my two day weekends
the po-po uwu
All I need for my birthday is some ME time
This headache is killing me
My heart
Fawk! The one fkn pass to Tyreek he field is a INT
I need a burbon with 2 lemons stat
Jacky felt this
Muskegon so small and people getting killed back to back. sad
come over i got a spare room for you
I just hope my husband is as happy as he was
That was underthrown
i wish you can tell doctors when you want ya baby to be born the last month is always the longest
The best pussy is tight pussy
throw me in the caskET IF HAYLEY KIYOKO EVER GETS THIS CLOSE TO MY FACE
Want a coke
This brings back HORRIBLE memories
My friends got engaged, bought land, & our starting their own intentional community.... is anybody looking for a wife?
these the times I miss going to Homecoming
Her cute little face, Judith was not having it. Awwww
Lmao I literally feel this tweet
Work tomorrow
laser hair removal better be worth it
omg can you send me the file for this album?
Broken clocks // SZA >>>
I even talk to this boy no more and he still agreed to pay my phone bill and my phone jst simple fact that he broke it
I want a boyfriend
I need more
Ocupo ir a tomar cafecito con Sandy y con Wen noooooow!
get no sleep constantly this song is the only song that put me in my feelings.
addicted to a cooking game on my phone... stop playing cooking diary you have this one?
girl they were pretty big.
My toes are cold
We got to sign a waiver, you know shit about to get real
I been sleep just about allday ima be up all night like ion gotta be up early in the morning
This that cuddling weather
I need to start working out again
Whaaaat?! I thought he was gonna go the whole season are you kidding me rn...
been trying to fall asleep for the past hour and I just
wanna see them slimes out call the cops
I just want to eat omg.
why every girl think they can sing
Have this huge knot in my stomach
this dood looked at me & said wanna & started rollin
my mind is made up it really just got old to me quick.. they do hair out here anyway east coat or the south is where at..
If you're scrolling through twitter you're not that busy so READ THIS SHIT it's worth it I promise
This weekend go as planned but I still had a great time!
tired but not sleepy
I need someone to go with me to see 6lack & summer walker
Finna take my hair down my face breaking out so bad I got 2 weeks til my bday n my shit needs to be perfect
We Always At Ale House
why am I not sleep
I hate how tight faux locs be
I can start working out again tomorrow
enjoying these snaps from the Bermudian wedding away. Seems like everyone is there
Congrats!
I have state farm
already worked this morning now I have to go back in
yasss i could use wine & talk
Soooo I watched Shimoneta....I even know what to say, that anime has left me speechless
Why on a Monday
Praying for them
Missing my short hair
Leggo Travis from Asharee days
Weekday always bringing me stressed
Pregnancy hunger is something serious fr shit literally feels like you ate in yearssssssss
Like, of course start feeling sick right before the week starts.
What have I done
It's cold and I don't like it
Wheww Chile the rolls gotta go
Shots of Hennessy
Poor babies! Thank you. Same to little man. Swear it the worse watching them like this
can someone please buy me a new iphone charger?
Bout time we get some info
potty training time my baby just keep taking his diaper off
I answered the phone
Stop trying to rush Halloween
WHY IS TIME MOVING SO SLOWLY?!
I hate being cold, imma summer baby
Omg. are the best thing everrrrrrrrr
i woke up from my nap realizing sunday so tired of school
phone call i just got.. *sigh*
I want you forever even when not together ...... I just want to touch you. I want you to be able to feel
I wait til Christmas
still waiting on that one person
I got a thing for dimples & nice arms
Her belly button is so cute, her surgeon did a great job
Disrespectful
Both
KD really did it on em
My mom is gonna kick my ass
Right! Like why does everything just keep going
Someone bring me a heating pad and some ibuprofen I think dying
Making sure up extra early for breakfast... Forget this cleanse I need to eat
Way past my bed time
Finally 7months
I really want an Apple Watch
Lol I wish I could whenever you girls are down here lmk so we can hang out and drink finally 21
Is it just me but i always wanted a family like the proud family
I-i was going to sleep Abbey but u here showing this showed my sleep where it really belongs
I can't even dress however and go wherever I want 'cause people are gonna stare at me
Think coming down with a cold.
Crying my eyes out watching Like I can't deal rn
But the book better
When with you it feel like paradise
I just want a silk press or a bomb wig
Fright fest got me DRAINEDDDD I need to sleep for 3 days. Kids never feel it..... how I know old
lol spoiled my baby just like that lol he be wanting to smell your scent .
why tf do high schoolers keep trying to talk to me
Nothing like the fear hitting u in the middle of the night
work Tomorrow and still up
Bitch this is why I be so tired and want to stay in bed lately
i made the symbol myself my tattoo would be proud
Fuckin stupid bitch ass idiot
This weekend was way too short
I burned my hand so bad today!
I love you more girlfriend you know we had to make you feel better .. i miss
I need sleep asaptually otherwise ma kanra mo everybody to ba try me l'eni.
What do you do when you have the feels 2,000 miles away though like honestly
gonna be in class fuck
contacting so many of my family members from majol just to have someone send me red peach
I hate how good the chiefs are. Its pretty much ok for pat to throw ints
I have to stop playing and get my house fully furnished
need new shirts
Alexa play let it go
But that's weird..
I love my besties, tonight was TOO LIT
Why do I have to dream about you lah????
selfish I want you all to MYSELFFF
Miss getting these
That nap really fucked me over
I need to start making more moves with my car
the best tbh! Love watching Waylon go through his stages
just way cheaper than the jeans I usually buy. I might buy one pair just to try but idk. I hate online shopping lol
Im actually almost positive we do our one of our clients does.
I need to try this
Dad made me coffee when he saw me struggling with these school stuff around me now motivated na talaga
When was this ? Oh my god not my island
basically all i like to drink now
he got me so gone & i miss him
I have a year and a half left of school till a pt needs to go by faster
going to the 9 tmrw tho who wants to get an autograph?
shout out to cierra for this eye mask bouta sleep sooooo good
4 page letter At that
Is anyone available to house me the 2nd and 3rd in AZ? Trying to visit homies. Will love you forever
Ima fuck some sleep up tonight. Completely drained
I hate getting so frustrated to where I can feel it in my heart
i even know how up rn, gonna sleep so good
I fucking love cats.
gunna is really daddy whew
I need a weekend where I can just get drunk with my friends
The fuck I gotta do to look just like
your Monday going?
Still know exactly what gonna be for Halloween
Loves of my life
i honestly have watched this at least 15 times THEIR POWER
Exhausted af
I believe I slept all day
Lmao totally disregarded that he came at you first
Avery cries every time his paternal grandmother picks him up or gets his face i like this. He do not be rockin
craving insomnia cookies
my girl looks good asf
How am I going to survive this exam period, when mom is going away for 25 days? my pillar of strength
I CAN'T WAIT OMG LAUREN WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO US?
Really got a taste for a burger with some bacon on it wish I had someone to bring me some food
My little man is just up rubbing my stomach so softly from this inside I literally wait to snuggle him
so beautiful wtf
Pero y estas tentaciones
We have a teether
I really have to shake this feeling too much has been weighing on me
I still got the video of ladez talkin bout you just made me wanna fight we beat them hoes so bad that day
I see you sitting down and I was rushing ! I would never
Eating dinner at my moms house & we are all reading all the hate comments left on her Bday post to Kim out loud,
Cliffhanger
Going to a resto bar and not being able to drink <<<
Literally what I said
only one thing make me happy right now
More like Black Flag or Sea of Thieves on PC for free for 14 days by signing up for the last hour or so
trying to sell my two photocards but no one wants them
Pero like im really craving an iced annihilator from dutccchhhhh
on both sides of this Brother Nature situation lol so yes retweeting those for him and against him, just in case confused
I see you sitting down and I was rushing ! I would never
yessss . why i keep my hands pretty
WHEN IS SEASON 2 going to come out??? I need it back in my life please
I love playing with hair or ear when cuddling
Forgot how much drama this show was
Eww I hate bitches like this annoying asses
I wanna strat packing
This the longest ever been single
I finally broke down and turned the heat on
did her thing on this album been on repeat for days
I been going to sleep late and be tired af in the morning
Whyyyy is it so hard to find a black dermatologist in my network?
Can someone bring me something sweet??
Poor twitter
One more episode of
My hangover is just now going away. been feeling sick and sluggish all day.
Not right now but I will be eventually.
Fuck that. like pass the parcel with her ewwww nose piercing yukk
I'M TOO EXCITED
Ean is back to why he is growing his hair.
I just love the Ora of a man. Like when a man addresses another man and he says stuff like does
I even know DC & his girl broke up
so addicting I want another one already
My pussy is so wet right now
I would love to be shaped like this.
I was bored, it was impulse
I've been waiting for my order for going on 11 days now............ "3-7 day shipping" ....yeeeeeah right
still waiting for to sponsor her!
rapniggadick: Free my chocolate baby daddy miss you
He need to take his ass to bed
Nothing taste right
bitch wait tf up i am eating rn
Finna be home with the been 4 years
Baby and baby daddy sleep let me go to sleep for they both wake up
I just love how my mom & my sister let me figure out things on my own
omg?????? never knew i needed eng ver of cherry bomb
Hol up gworl. Das date!! play Mani
I was in a big ass sleep until Bryant woke me up
New York just be so cold in November but oh well
too tired to finish this homework (and by finish I mean start)
thank you miss you sm!
ive only seen bojack like twice and ive never seen big mouth but everyone is raving about it
Heart burn doing me so wrong
Imma be 26 in 2 months i have so much planning to do for it
promise im getting another tattoo on my face
Paying 10 dollars a month really payed off this time
I need this sis
From now on working harder maybe not doing something right.
yall wanna cut ur hair me i just wanna cut my emotions out of my system ugh pls
somebody said home cooked meals are for working men & the rest of y'all get hot dogs
Ellis is threatening to hide my sides and flip flops
Nooo they know the code to my door be enjoying my solitude and here the door unlock and my
Hot ass tea burnt my tongue
I worked in 11 days, now I gotta remember how to in the AM
My lil cousin told me to buy him shoes as if he got a plug for expensive ass shoes for the low.
precious
NECESITO ESTAR CON MIS CINCO SENTIDOS BIEN YA!!!!!
This song so beautiful, man!!
cold
LMAOOO tears nigga
my ex was right I never shaved my head, i miss my hair man
I lost so much weight this is sad
early & my gf sleep
He want to be on that date & his a total dick because he asked her how she wanted to pay cunt
Apile music?... Apple Music
So stressed
I need one of my friends to have a baby like right now
sickkk I said that shit out loud
really Fighting to stay up until midnight
That girl loved everything about me ... literally everything all my flaws and i just fucked it up
Wait, Monday again? I wait for Friday....
I need some serious advice
You in college still acting like a dumbass
Wishhhhhh my bestfriend was with me
She deserves nothing but good comments. such a pure soul I believe people send her hate
1 AM I THINK NOT if only I have a presentation tmr why does life hate me
Ugh it was like 5 out of 10 for me
I have a horrible migraine && craving chicken nuggets
Mr. White needs to hurry his butt home
so sad anissa is leaving tomorrow
whewww chile ppl are so messy
I shouldnt be drinking be here iam again im such a baby
Yes I even remember all their birthdays by heart
Waking up from a xan nap feels amazing
A Women Can Be Independent & Love Herself But Still Wants That Someone To Encourage Them And Love Them Too
I want somebody to go to grocery store with me
Too many problems thinking how gone solve em
Me rn
Need
where are you girl
I forgot if that one was one of the edited ones but if not then... nsnsnsnd
diss our bromance
Back home, and in bed. Sleep be good to me.
This year flying by almost Christmas like damn... lol
1 yr ago today, i was relatively calm for the ppr bcs i had shan & ashriq to play w b4 the ppr but now all silence & deafening
Van cho selman
My dog is sooooo bad LMAO but that face
Craving candy
I Be Pissin Myself Off
I never tweet anymore
someone plz love me and take me to bc i have never been and i want to sooo bad
So happy I have to wake up early tmw
I just fed a wholeeeee household
The good doctor good asl why been put me on
This why I invite nobody to my house but go to and I always drive so I can leave when I want
Get milk chocolate brown or burnt orange with gold or mix it
fucking cold great night for our heat to stop working
Ya boy still even touch the raid
Who can use a 600 Power Titan on Reset Tuesday on the PS Sticks tho... asking for a friend...
Not sure yet, definitely feeling some horrors right now tho
Someone go with me to see small foot
tHIS IS THE CUTEST
lucky u i dont think i had a day where i dont see this issue in my timeline just gonna mute it altogether
so scared for my math midterm because tbh I feel like I know shit......
the black sheep in my family
I fought some bitxhes from Corliss at Gately.
so blessed and glad I have no kids right now !! and I honestly think be content if I
Justin Tucker was 222-222 for his career until he missed
grown so much
Can someone gs me bo4?
I need some backwoods
Stacey
Why is it so hard to make mom friends ?!? like I letrally just want to have have someone to get together for
Was so close last Sunday took this though the gate lol
Damn. at 53, I had hope
I just get how people take their contacts out I be quick to take them out. Even for a nap.
When I say I wasnt appreciative of my back rub yesterday until now.. I want another one .. like right now
UNTUNG AKU GAADA PENGECEKAN HP IH
This Will definitely Be Epic Asf Legendary Gota Make it Happen !!!
Especially at 03:46 Must put my phone down!
the only good part
I miss you more love
I be slumped. No cap, but at times I do have an issue with sleeping alone some nights just be wanting to lay
loving how some teams are going themed routines
I feel so bad for Blake
Ol McDonald has a farm and Bingo was his name O.
had it for years and remember ever wearing it. But then I throw it away.
America legions
im still undecided bout my hairdo
My chest is starting to hurt from all this coughing
I need a ring light ASAP
Cashing in on every single one of them!
with the sudden baby fever?
Ready for dabs and my bed
Where on earth did this weekend go and how can I get it back
I just had to turn the heat on i take it any more
facts. in her bag. his net worth is 15million and hers is 18million. clearly doing something right.
we just loaded 5 cars full of presents
Normani and Namjoon are releasing music tomorrow!!! Whew the talentry ArmyNation will be eating good
what kpop/korean record labels do you guys like/think are good to audition for? trying to find more (other
I need dia to get back on twitter & the squad complete
ikr thanks chy
I messed my knee up last night
As bad as I wanna move on & be wit sumone new I can't cause I'm still in luv with my ex
My head is pounding
I hate my 4th sm
how can you sleep when you have a child who wants to be you 24/7?
Ihy , but I love a queen
I wish if you remake ico too
Miss YOU
its wild how much i can get done in a day if i dont just waste all my time on the internet
Fuck it ordering this Burtsbee lip gloss
Ay hermossssso
Rockets definitely a different team when Paul not playing
six and i want him to grow up anymore
I need someone to come clean my kitchen
Imagine your biggest problem being that you decide if a g wagon us too cliche
Ugh Frankie dude a whole 6 seasons worth I been binge watching tf outta it lol
my personal insta has 236 followers and it's all cute and for what
Tired .
Jesus get to breathe good quality air every day,
If you have a full length mirror not taking, on theee way
I need to find my north face
reason I hate shopping
I know the answer tapi takut nak cakap why im being liddis?
Arguing on twitter just so you can get some type of publicity cbm tho
I hate seeing my son hurting, ugh!
being high feel so good all my pot heads say Yooooooo
really feeling him
missing a day in between.
Omg NEVER HEARD IT by CHRIS BROWN
been craving indian food forever is there a good spot out here?
Literally thankful for my organic chem classmates
wow. the accuracy is chilling honestly
Ima be upset when the doctor fully release me gon be back to the bs fr
I wish I had somebody to go see Halloween with
block section plsssssss
Now crickets
My little cousin wants to be like me so bad I hate it not a role model the opposite..
i WAIT till february when my lease is up so i can move my god i waitttttt
pregnancy insomnia has kicked in big time about to go lay in the living room and watch hulu until i pass out
This tv series is wild
2 weeks of leave finally coming to an end
so lucky, literally in almost every scene
Someone bring me hot chocolate
Just snatched that wig right off byeeee storm
Buy me some too , been craving
TODOS TUS TWEETS SON PARA DARLE EN LA MADRE?
omg my tooth is killing me
Sunday scaries hitting hard tonight
princess nokia on ig shaking her lil cakes
craving a wheezy burger
wait to have a kid their love is unconditional. Few more years though
My mind all over the place
Hair Goals
Pulled a 12 hour shift
I need to transfer my son to a Maryland school alll my family has moved from Mayfair so really no point in
can my queens collab i live for this cheap interaction
Breaks my heart when Cayleigh sees a pic of a someone and asks why not around anymore..
My
this woman voice is amazing in concert
been fussy all day...and i keep spoiling her!
literally about to restart it. I stopped on like season 5
Wow I just read a post about and deadass so blessed to have Angie because bwoyyyyyyyyy I
Ay yo ! low key a bop
All my vibrators are dead I need to recharge them before Scorpio season
I missed half a day off work and lost a whole months bonus
Epitome of grace so beautiful
Where does all da time go man it seems like da weekend just started but still BAM here comes the dreaded Monday
Just seen the nastiest video ever
Alec Baldwin is not cut out to be an interview host.
My stomach hurts so bad
I miss u so much it hurts
i have 4 fucking loads of laundry to put away but so sleepy i just wanna go to bed
Just saw a video of my friend that got engaged at the Brett Eldredge concert the other night and I almost cried it was so sweet
My current Nyx fd is making my skin dark. I should have stick to MAC at least i already know my fd code
If I could fly ARMYs who missed out on tickets to fill the empty seats here, I would
this shit run
I got a new found love for lil baby ever since I watched his documentary
.......... this
I just finished what now
that it chief
Too relatable
Hoseok always looks so good in yellow.
I won't trade her for nothing
Thumbnail selection
These sweats
Can you help a MAGA girl out? I somehow lost 40 of the few followers I had anyway! return the favor
Went in the garage today n found all my basketball trophies and medals in a box from when I was younger man I miss those times
I want to go watch halloween tonight
I had to have been tired when i bought these underwear. no damn way i thought i could fit a XXL.
I want this baby out of my stomach but I also wanna go on maternity leave yet!
I love Bath & Body Works cus not only do you find stuff for yourself but also your man
Lol tests are in classss you pray I get my crap together and stop procrastinating studying!! Frfr lmao
Dude im already having withdrawals
I think so
I want some Hot Cheetos so bad
I need new feet
This thread, this thread has all the MILFs and cougars. My God, I pray to age like these Goddesses
I annoy myself, I push so many people away and have the nerve to say lonely
I wanna give someone a promise ring.
I wait to do my hairrr
From Every Angle
My baby been running a fever
we late af hop the previews still on
Should homegirl risk it all and buy apple music?
walk bouts to be long and cold asf than i gotta go to the hospital can never get a break
I love Bath & Body Works cus not only do you find stuff for yourself but also stuff for your man
so excited for my party. Everything is coming together & I just wait
No one can replace Poe. I miss him so much. I know Jones has been wanting to go in on offense though.
I got four hours to do this entire paper pray for the kid
Stuff being going so right with this girl always thinking the worse if that makes sense
Whyyyy do I wanna be a doctor
on the down hill slope to a breakdown
I want some crab legs seasoned with Cajun season.
Someone come through and make me laugh
Go get us one
Normani and Namjoon are releasing music tomorrow!!! Whew the talentry ArmyNation will be eating good
dead
if bnacc was warm it been much better that Wednesday but you cool asl
when I tell I am all churches OUT
really tho
Fine asf......
I actually hate turkey ham is better tbh
when are you going to release a bop for realllllll!!!! Love you
I need a lot of love and attention
Hate walking through time square with a passion, like girl trying to get home
Is foot replacement surgery a thing yet?
we late af hope the previews still on
this bitch jamming
Why does this hurt so much
My mom rlly be the kindest heart on this earth
We can do it all night girl imma give it to you all night you be on that bullshit
lemme eat my food in peace
wait to make it through this week
I finally moved back into my house and I never realized how much missed the quietness
how is this the same person
Wow. I have never been so turned on
This is what I like to see we Stan supportive/ positive people
My baby cuddled with me & fell asleep literally in 60 seconds,snoring in my ear but i was already sleep now up
All these missing kids
Did he really take anuel out
I Luhhhh Me Some Gabby & Cara
This warms my heart
Can it be Tuesday already so I can snuggle w Leo
Lemme just say I made my last account at age 12 to show my love to 1D and eight years of tweets gone
I just want a fine ass boo to show off.
so sorry Next week we can do them
One day I hope to find guys who sexist enough to let me join their league I feel like watching football
Shit I always thought it was about the watch brand wewood
Oye muchacha why did you retweet this
right
Like imagine him being that one bestie who you can always talk to and depend on
STOP TEASING US
felt so shitty all day .
Girls are out here dating a man for 10 years doing wifey duties but have nothing to show for it
Migraines are the absolute worst to deal with. They are along the lines of labor pain and toothaches
lmfao wait. is it a bad word? i know stud lesbians who tell me to call them that soooooo
That was to much cold last night
I imagine going through this , idk what do god watch over my loved ones
Honestly though, fucked up every time I hear his voice
Omg I had a real sweet sugarcane in so damn long
i cant wait to see halloween
feel so sick right now
Umm can you post your side of the story tired of you being bashed
hets are too tiRED
Bitches love screaming PERIODDDTTT whole time be smelling like one
: you is a baaad woman we supposed to been kicked it maybe you can come to my trip for nye ? And youre super talented
My notifications are a mess , sorry if I reply
The bun is crazy
I hope this week fly by
so exhausted. let me finish this essay in the morning, barely can keep my eyes open.
How embarrassing is it to last only 10 minutes during sex. relate shawty would b mad as hell
Just wow
Capital really has a bowling team
See I fell for your spirit not your appearance
Why is it so cold outside? ian feeling it at all
thank you sooooo much Marcusssss. I really appreciate it
i have one more episode , lit
It was in 2014
I thought died of cancer
My worst fear is looking bad in a photo with my idol aka
My heart
been so long i know how to mf act
Did you end up making some just seeing this and hungry
I feel the pain I work at 7:45 tomorrow morning until basically 5:30 at night
Actually this weekend, we're going camping!!! Leaving Friday evening and won't be back home till Sunday evening.
so good and so excited
Worked all fucking Sunday my bed feels amazing today
hoe, I literally applied last week
My fingers burn so bad man
i worked hard on this edit can you give lee felix this hair color? cAN YOU PLEASE GIVE LEE FELIX THIS HAIR
I wish I could go to this!
too early for me to be over school
My soulmate was a boy i was Out here sucking pussy
At 12.
Yes and I hate it
when I tell I am all churched OUT
I miss my madern warfare days , especially cod4 ... No scoping niggas across the map
I miss my BF only been 3 days n i just wanna go home n get in bed with my baby
I look at my stomach and be like.... hell yeah give me more
sure, bring some coffee as well! legit tho everybody is so pretty and just here amazed
Yuri been around Monet mom sooo long she starting to look like them
seriously put me on avocado & Doritos
Maleficent is becoming my favorite movie
All These HITS
This bruise on my leg still hurt.. never riding ATVs again man
damn cold
Worked all fucking Sunday, my bed feels amazing right now
is that asking for to much ?
i need the fattest massage
I feel so bad for them and the fan base. So much promise and so many hopes!
I miss my baby believe really gone man
trying my hardest
Ugh my heart
You do everything
Drinking henny on a Sunday
This is not the time for cryptic tweets. We need a clear answer. Just drop the name
Lmao poor girl her feelings are hurt
I need to try it. stuck on the raspberry kind
I have bundle deals available & please wait until the last minute everything in High demand
really petty at times especially when i drink
I thank God when I click on a snap and I know someone promoting a song but my volume is down so I hear shit
i feel so attacked by jimin's mint hair
Not being able to see Ter for 3 weeks is fine but not even being able to text him is making me MISERABLE
I want some onion rings
My stomach is so tight & I got another 6 weeks left like no more space in there
Well send me a regimen cause my face got me ready to square up with it.
icb I watched battle trip again seriously imagine if all w1 members joined the trip
Me and my sisters gotta do another girls trip this summer cause my bday was a time to remember we had a BALL
I been on my feet ALL DAY TIRED bawse
Probably your best choice if you wanna sleep tonight. watching YouTube videos to clear my mind
You have to snap the entire event you attend
I almost went to that fair
I pulled the fuck out of somethin in my back and now I can't move
so content with life rn
I think I want you to
you need to free
THIS HURTS MY HEART LIKE ASDFGJK WHATS GONNA HAPPEN
I need a new MacBook
I get drunk on a Sunday knowing I gotta be up at 6am the next day..why do I do this to myself
I have sleepless nights but all worth it
Leaving work n going to a cooked meal
Straight out the can juice & everything
The Day My Babies Move To Miami Will Be The Day I Plan A Miami Trip Swear In They Life For The Long Haul
Not looking forward to my alarm going off at 5:30am.
ugh thank you so sweet and its so nice to know people on here care about me omg
My anxiety has been so bad the last few days that I even think straight.
I need you rn!!
TAEPYONG BE LIKE: BITCH WHAT.
Taepyong is precious :((((( hE IS FACE OF AN ANGEL AND ALSO AN ANGEL CMON HES A NICE GUY
I knowwww I need a whole redo
is there a way to delete all your tweets at once?
I hope that Shane my only chance to enjoy pregnancy
I miss my baby
influence
JSHHDJD IT IS EXAM SEASON
miss you more than anything why you gotta go to a different college huh
I honestly hate migraines
When you need Taylor the most... who can relate right about now?!
Long distance friendships make my heart hurt
Spice was here too !?!
I think it was something bioshock. Yo no se
I need more dress clothes
I love this so much
14 hour flight,
I pour milk first
I be up on Sunday nights like I have to be up at the ass crack of dawn to get back to Philly!
I wanted to be sally for Halloween but want to put the effort in to dress up!
I just spent a lot of money
Why is everything in
Okay but why am I acting like I have a bio exam to study for
So disappointed in myself for taking that nap earlier
I just wana rub yo stomach
Wheeww if I ever have to delete me and Roy pictures just have to erase all my photos
perhaps u snapped
scared to even remember what I tweeted from 2011-2014
i'm STRESSED my dogs fight 24/7 and i don't know what to do it's not even playfully, they are very agressive
the Vibe
Foreal man that shit was wild my poor bby
Me too
His cover of song at your best
w/ cheese and xtra crackers
Wanting Love Is Wrong You Just Have To Find The Right Person To Love You
bcis is the easiest class ever but just too lazy to do my work
Hopefully I can go to bed within the next two hours or so.. Why do I procrastinate
I love Maroon 5
I get to see my boyfriend as much anymore because of my schedule and it blows
i need a booty rub to put me to sleep
Need Need
Wtf I wanna unsee this
Tryna sing this to my future mother in son
Staying Alive Tryna Survive
My son a be here next Tuesday so ready to munch on his cheeks and tell him all about these 9 months
nfn like coming home to a clean room and fresh sheets
where did you get the butterflies been looking everywhere
Came from under my rock and got up
anxious & paranoid...
next competition
Skate Canada
so nervous
fighto
I miss coming home asking my mom ano then reply lamesa, yung favorite
I really know how so gaayyy with my bf always such a bitch
chafed thighs are the worst
I remember back in the day i wanted to be a zookeeper ... I followed my dreams
I believe they think what we eat. But legit, I WOULD eat that.
I have consumed so much food today and now just stuffed. Not full. STUFFED.
the app is super slow and it crashed several times while try to make a mug
If I so poor I would! lol
Yesssss the fuck it was
I hate the feeling like your neck is just above the water barley makeing it
Only benders i know are from Avatar Hell what ??
Then cholestrol jadi tinggi
It legitimately makes me angry, mostly because I'd still watch it
RT Whew. The Speedy.
He dropped it.
Tell me about it
I need a ride to the store
We need more Rick, Michone and Judith moments like this!
I really miss my bestfriendd
I really need to be sleep
I was okay until the very last little bit of the first episode, now have nightmares for sure!
What a drop
greasing my scalp in the morning
tempted to order some bundles
My life is about to get some busy. Preparation is key
look at this pure man in love with him even more
I need hot tea and I have a tea pot or the cup I heat water up in
i love angst as long as a happy ending
I feel sick aff
I THINK HE WAS WHISPERING SOMETHING BUT WE NEED ANOTHER ANGLE
Honestly whatever I get on these tests tomorrow I know I tried my best
RIP The Android. June 2018- October
I at work
in the bar by myself drinking patron and online shopping
I stop laughing
Fine asss
It really is
I want soup dumplings now
Been wanting to do that for a while
Now I understand why so many tourists buy so many of them
I had the same number over 5 years
just tryna live comfortably with some racks by my side
I just want my knee to stop being swollen and bruised.
I just wanna go home
we used to be pissy drunk lmfao! Dude, I can still hear your laugh
Gone take forever for em to be in Starkville but okay thanks!
Me hice cagar
RIP MJ
Exactly what I want
Soon as I thought everything was going good
I second this
They Want dat old Deezy For wat Tho? Dats a low down dirty cutthroat
6 year old me: SILLY OF ME TO DREAM OF ONE DAY HAVIN YO KIDS LOVE IS SO BLIND it FEELS RIGHT WHEN ITS WRONGGGGGGG
Me urge ver Toy Story 4 e ir a ToyStoryland
Nobody in Columbia of course but stop with the slick shade baby not always a cute look esp. for an image .
I wanna go too Ruth Chris
Cmon Hill I needed you to catch that
I officially go back to work tomorrow! Ugh! not ready! I love my job! But my co workers... something else.
Ima be up all night
i hate that i can never go to sleep on time
Awe well you picked perfectly !
Me and my man gonna be 1yr in 4 months
my mommy texted me and told me that she missed me today... ready to go home.
I swear they make you feel good
This me right here call me weird I love animals
Hate the time difference between Australia and U.K. so long
i literally have no clue how to read music this doesnt help at all
now i'm really curious and you're making me wait
on the fence like it be the end of the world but not on track planning
Lmaooo probably the only one she saw and even look up nothing more
ready again Lord for a new resurrection
been a crazy ass weekend fr
Oh I gotta WORK work tomorrow??
I go to sleep early asf when I sleep by myself
I know everything happens for a reason but I been in my feelings for some days lately
I have two more episodes of The Haunting of Hill House to watch. I want to finish season one!
if i couldve picked more than 4 choices they wouldve been a part of the poll
Why are the best songs the shortest?
Like barely 3 minutes long....
Im so jealous rn!!! Damn those lucky armys
Yeaa esp when you get a GOOD pic too & you wanna show it off
Halloween is great and all, but ima christmas ass bitch
Dylan made me watch half the Halloween movies and all 3 Jeepers creepers... ya girl is scuuuured
If he caught that, that locked my dub for fantasy
been up & out alllll day today , my body is ready to crash ! going to sleep so good tonight
I believe my lil sister will be 21 at 12 o clock
want wrap plaits
Rushing2 pegi class. Sampai class. Class cancel
I like being around ppl when my time of month cz my mood will put you in a mood and tension nuh so nice
I care more my image than I do mine
I want some SLOPPY head right now
the clock tattoo you have on your thigh. can you tweet a picture? cause 100% i wanna copy you on that
is the highlighter ever going to make a comeback?
I could have used that Mahomes to Hill TD that Hill just dropped
I seriously think about selling all my stuff, and traveling around.. backpacking different parts of the world... ALL THE TIME.
then boom, chosen
ooooohhhh shit . I think God just stepped in and stopped me from completely shattering something ; had to be god .
Tryna not to eat my lunch for tomorrow
If I get this job I know how much longer be able to stand the place at now
My baby actually got a job man like so happy
I miss having my lashes done
Sex before bed be the best sleep ever
I AM SO READY
it took me so long
Somebody orchestrate this frfr!!
I focus on studying for the life of me
, My life is missing something, & I wanna know what it is. I feel so empty on the inside.
Cuz I fucked up
actually HELPING me
I still have to sleep with my fan on even though 47 degrees outside
That I Miss You I Need You Nasty Sex
been falling in love with all the fromis members one by one
Only been off two days this month. tieeddd.
I really love 2 Chainz
I miss my baby
I hate how sensitive I get when I'm not feeling well like I just want to cry for no reason the whole time I
Damn I gotta stay off this app man.
I told my mom I was gonna go to the gym and she said sientes gordo o Smfh cmon
Minseok and Junmyeon's hands
Lmao the problem
I wanna go to a haunted house
somebody please bring me red beans and rice
Every girl in the hood wanna fuck on him because me
I be so scared to get my feelings hurt & heart broken
ready for my baby to be in my arms I can kiss its little lips
Help me, i need ideas of things to put in a plur package so far i got my babes some sunnies & a masks & made her some cute singles
Love, baby dog, and happiness. This is all i need in a life of sin
I get any full body pictures lastnight
Help idk what I want to be when I grow up and I am already grown
Eww coffee is still gross. so bitter my taste buds are crying rn
heartbroken over Andy leaving....I get it but it still sucks
Yess
ATTACKED
one of the best aus i've ever read istg
My lease end for 6 months but I already found the perfect place I wanna move into after
Oooh ok!! Im worried too good luck
ganda nung The Write Moment
tuesday need to hurry up i miss my man
Yo I hate the taste of sweetener
I got my sons
I need my camera need sum new associates!
Please
Tyreek Hill just dropped about 15 fantasy points for me.
I wish deanna was here
Damn Man This Temperature Seem Like Its Steady Dropping Outside
so terrified of scary movies
My boyfriend
STILL learning this one
THANK YOUUUUUU!!! I fucking love fall aesthetic, I am always so weak for fall looks
Another assignment
Just woke up with a thumping headache
Exactly. Get out of my twitter mentions blocking all of the exo on my tl
Back to work tomorrow
Why does this still apply to us
Facts
I want Waffle House
Same with me what's The point of school anyways
Two more weeks to find out if i made it into nursing school or not anticipation to the max.. like ready to
Yall ever got ya ate and it felt so good u couldn't make a sound.. i just cried
really not off until the 31st
How I feel about my right nipple piercing
pandora is playing all my throwback jams tonight lol.
This bitch needa hit 9
Literally been in a On and off relationship for 3 years in January wtf
i find it
Lmao something else
ma approve unta ang proposal namo sa sk oy we badly need it bai
I finally got around to calling telekom now I have to wait to make an appointment w a technician why did
the fact that he has a song with HONNE!?!? bitch what a KING!!!
I want to pack up my stuff again
My ovaries have done exploded! too cute. His accent. The way he says
I want one
These long ass work days are when I need a lil baby to come home too
They really try to sneak it into drinks and expect us not to notice. We can tell
sm bought their fans
somebody tell me why I look so weird in every picture I take lately
I Want Some Chicken.
Hellll yesssssss I want some rn
my phone is blessed
I just dropped him off at home and I already miss him
I start work tomorrow pray I lose my mind I start at 7am!!
i wanna post some pictures so bad , but wait
Elena & Damon warm my heart
Mutual feelings even though I worked all weekend
I ate like shit all weekend.. and not even mad about it lol pero working out all week to make up for it
Terrorist baby!!!!! Who tf raised you
I feel so bad anymore
Ang hinet sa earth
Starting work at 4:40am is long I wait until I finish and get back into bed
Mane my fave season so peaceful and cold OMGGG
I gotta make sure my eyebrows are done tomorrow
Yo I remember when uber social was a big thing for BlackBerry
Can we make some love like RIIIGHT NOWWW got my LONELY ass on this song
Being told your pretty everyday is the best
I swear
out of nowhere though
I do 24/7! but I just try to keep myself together bc I know when upset/stressed so is the baby. It helps a lot actually
Tryin wait on deon ass
I miss flat stomach days
Man the weekend goes by too fast
I feel the same about the mf Minnesota Vikings
AYEEEEEEEEEEE MY MF TEAM.
YALL STAY EATIN.
I wait to
I like to be under a man 24/7,,, I need my space
I always got those and they mean shit!
Those taxes do hit hard tho, still getting bills in
too much
That First Glance! A little dust got in my eye and made it watery ninabridals
How awwwdorable
mf tied
Jaleesa gine barely wake up to 479 unread messages in the group chat and then block we
My phone gets no play
maaannnnn... that bath
Hopes more than 5 runners in it
Let me get to shopping I know it was that close
In the big tent with bitches. They wouldn't let me stay in the 2 person tent anymore
I want some Olive Garden so bad idk why I go today
always something I swear
Texas homes are something else
Yoo my mom as fuck
Two days left till surgery finally just to get this over with
I was living my best life
I keep looking at these girls on insta and fb and kinda wished I was as pretty as them
I just fucking screamed
Left my precious earphone at home. Spilled warm cocoa on my work desk. What is wrong with me today?
Queen Naomi is really friends with ALL the problematic people...
I need at least a week off of work ASAP. I wanna go on a mini vacation
My intentions are always pure so when people noticed my effort I tend to push them away
kinda stuck between i needa save money & young so BALL OUT
This tattoo itching so bad
This was so cold.
Omg I just realized I seen my girl crush at work in so long
whoa this blew up remember me when ur famous
Can my god daughter give her mom her phone back so I can tell her our plans for Halloween
Off work
Forgot I was cleaning and my desk is in my bathroom
Thank Yal for putting me on
so exhausted alllll dang day painting the new house
why i look like you
I take this cold ass weather
Snow snapped
Women are Beautiful we deserve to be Loved
Chris Paul is really losing almost half a mil in just 3 games
why does ashton and like look so similar tho
Love, money, happiness
I needa stay off social media but I be so bored
Give me some of your talent
them Q tips just be hitting different
I want more episodes so good!
A cookie cake is honestly the way to my heart
this is hard
With Oj, Peach Schnapps and red berry ciroc
almost done not as bad as I thought it would be...
Can I just have my life together already so I can stop dreading people asking me
Laying here w my son, missing za za
Yassss love it girl cuz I wear mines faithfully ..
Terrified for this procedure tomorrow
You the only one
even though this plan ky too apiki pero unta mapursue sa mga sk
but fr that monster demo version is stuck in my head since yesterday, such eargasm
still there
I want you Oh nice.
please this for a girl that take pills eww make me throw up
Glad This Birth Control Blow Me Up
Hardest part about eating healthy and dieting are the freaking cravings this late at night
Remember the guy at work who has been trying to seduce me then stopped for weeks when my father threatened him?! Well, he stopped
I can see you fuckin it all the way up
Teach me
every time I see a stray cat outside I want to pick it up and take it home
Ty and I got like 4/5 hours of sleep last night, and we slept on a small couch and a hard floor. so exhausted
vou e
My old Twitter got delete now I have to refollow everyone
Literally two of my favorite ppl on earth
this nigga genuinely funny asf
really tired
I just wanna watch movies and devour a tub of ice cream all by myself
Can I sleep all day?
I GOT HORSES IN MY CAR LIKE A FARMER. YEE-HAW FINNA PICK UP YOUR DAUGHTER
\
( (>
_/ \_
Omg ready
Girl just get a nigga in jail they love doing that
So I can get settles and call babe . even if Big shot is sleep
Miss Having My Truck, I Would Peel Off In A Second New Shit Coming Soon Tho
Back pain is the worst, I need a massage
Blessed with the best
hair came out so good excited
Tryna stay up until she gets home
Alexa, why I hit the lottery yet
not a cheesecake factory close to me and my craving is too strong to make the drive
wow can you send me some pls
Why?!
I need to go back to the fair for a candy apple
Literally had to force myself to get out of Troy bed before I fell into a deep sleep. His shit too comfortable.
That's 1:20 am for me tho. I know I'm gonna get ignored as always so I probably won't participate.
Im sayingggg.. because I was wildin for a minute there
Somebody in this apartment is trying to kill me....I think they just poured an entire jug of bleach out
update my car has been found
So much Disney x ______ collaborations. I love Mickey Mouse, i wanna buy everything
You ever crave presence when not just about the sex or money , the vibe and attention be so
wait to get my hair done
I heard that there is signal, but I won't be able to use it as much. Don't want to use all my mobile data lol
LMAOOO I think could see it I thought the TL can only see retweets?
I wanna go for a drive
Just got back from Dallas and damn the depression real
I was not expecting that Lmaoo did u seee someone added the voting mess in the replies
I so horrible
I miss young dumb esmy, now I got all these wack ass responsibilities and now school grades actually matter , some BS
Ima be 27 in an hour .. old
been doing good till now
Why is GST applied to shipping? Fortunately this is coming from New Zealand so it's reasonable, but come on!
Lmao I gotta see it sober
You right ! go to work
I love Bones even more now
/ I honestly have a bio because im garbage. I wish I were more motivated to write something out
I need them late night car talks with my brother rn Me & joe talk for hours about anything high af lmao
I was looking into a full suit from a relatively inexpensive maker on Facebook and it was still like $2000
Just like that my stress is gone. Thank u Jesus
Jennie always thinks of her lovely BLINKS first ot1/2/3 you clearly deserve her!
These last months of the year be going fast AF
Smh even if my WiFi is good now my computer still crashes over anything
Low quality pic but HIGH QUALITY MAN AND HIS TOPIC
I love thigh highs a bitch had to get 2 black swede & a leather pair
can i have this sound but in spotify format???
Man I hate rejecting mfs but ion wana talk to nobody . I just wana be to myself .
Chiefs too damn explosive
Gotta have you Lord
Really doe Nd I Love it
OBSESSED with this song
so precious
I be wanting to cry so hard when I go see ramon but I know if I cry gone stress him out i just be
so bored with FB these days
Sharon tryna get me drunk I was just drunk lastnight in Mexico .
Please arrest me
my dream ring
Love Me Some Brent & The Video Made The Song 100 Times Better
I try to wild out too much bc for some reason I just feel like actually going to be something in life
happy
It IS!
cinnabon sounds so good
I will go see it again
I want some chili cheese dip
my future has been on my mind so heavy... i just wanna be successful.
I wish I knew what other people were thinking
but this is taking too long
This 11-11 killed me back to work to close for the next two days
not yet
I will never watch Truth or Dare ever again
Her big cousin either Rey punch her if she go to sleep
Hardest part of life is making your own path but not knowing the end result
Already finished making a murderer
I really plan on buying a new laptop yet.
I really wish I knew how to dress FUCK all my sisters for not pressing me to be more girly
I talk I am currently unemployed but imma get this bread up SOON just wait on it
and tbh, more of u since shorter
Side part or middle part next with the blonde?? like getting it this weekend
Yooooo you disagree?! Lol
Doin it the other way around is like my biggest pet peeve eyeshadow is like the cherry on top!
They were actually delicious lol onions, mushrooms & cheese.... but it a cheeseburger with a bun
I want to go out but I even have anybody to go out with
ugh on the last episode of riverdale
only staying until Tuesday
i miss the ones back in Cali. oh and the St Francis one in the hills.
This was from yesterday and I clearly broke it
Out of my group the last one at the airport
Especially if I'm drunk only a hater gon have you out here looking crazyyyyy
I just spit my water out
ready to go to bed but already started my hair and too late to turn back
This the coldest fit I done seen for homecoming
If u got a bottle in front of you you changed RT Ima be 27 in an hour .. old
Ready to get off and crash
OF ALL, taller than you!! RT and tbh, more of u since shorter
Two years in a row that I go to the fair
Your man must not be annoying af lol jk kinda
I need a sugar daddy asap. I cannot be doing these 6am mornings anymore
Really wanna go to cali for my birthday
stuck b/t doing and also not doing
Hanger loops on t-shirts are annoying and useless
LMFAOOOOOO pls stop
also...
getting a stye on my eye and it hurts like who even gets these anymore lol
finally fucking home 6 and a half hours later
Just wanna meet someone who makes me as happy as these Instagram influencers pretend to be
I hate when my feet are cold
& I always wanna push her down some stairs bc STILL late
bruh toasted pandesal and butter tho
Whiskey lullaby is such a sad song
Me at 10pm
Meanwhile not even Monday morning yet
Need some pot roast, potatoes, and asparagus from right about now
I wanna strawberry milkshake from Burger King
Nothing like clean sheets , candles , diffuser on
I love them
But she chose phone calls instead of texts
Girl you addicted & I need uuu
Respond to me already
You deserve everything that getting boo
i miss stranger things so much
This was stressful
Sames but I ain got a man
I really want a pair of Uggs my old black ones are fucked up.
Why she just broke the printer bro
Miss my acrylics
I miss my grandma just hurts my heart
Feels so good having this weave out be back in this weekend tho
Tonight really my last night smoking
My two year old has his first dentist appointment tomorrow I feel like crying lol
yesss I swear to god.. have yo ass in love love
Anger issues fml
wait to be cuddled on
Wanting Love Isn't Wrong You Just Have To Find The Right Person To Love You
I felt this
baby is truly appreciated
this man is a fucking genius
Her nose highlight
Food
I was about to fall asleep now wide awake
She look good. If it makes her happy, then why it matter? her surgeon? Make me over
Headache
yo is so cold hearted... I thought it was me
Might cry cause you remembered
But the Saturday night before my birthday
Ugh so pretty my issue is no good at putting in the time to have it look so beautiful
Beyond tired . We did so much stuff for son today. forever grateful for my family.
this my short work week understand how happy i be for short weeks
for WAGF omg I wish I was around so I could see you!
And I almost typed I kid you not. Just expressing how I feel about Ryan
NEEDED that
This was me all day today
I probably need to update soon, like soon this week or the next but soon.
I be curving people like in a relationship I done probably missed out on my soulmate... come back I was just playing baby
Wait ... You brought back my guilty pleasure
to tired to do anything else
so cold outside
How come we search recently added contacts apple!!
Right! Man i hope starfire literally roasts the hell out of them nuclear family that took raven what they deserve
Been working on this assignment for the past 48 hrs and still not as far as I hoped to be
this is not a question, pero deserve mong sumaya sobra that's so sweet naman thank you!!
I wait to go to the shop when I get off work
digging herself into a deeper hole
so cold , finna get so fine
Istg that let go let god make me cry everytime man I felt it every lyric
I just want to hang out with my friends already
Can I just move to NY and never come back to Orlando
I hate to see parents sharing shoes with their kids
Niggaz be low key hating those u think thrul be throwing the most salt FACTS
Make that 7, someone please stop me
I just made some cajun shrimp fettuccine alfredo for me and my mom. It came out soooo good
Wow today was the first day I actually had some fun since Vonny died
so gorgeous
really ready for Sarahi w a fat ass imma act a damn fool
I usually add alil bit of cold water to my bath but all this got water was well needed
I really miss my baby
I love binge watching shows but I hate catching up
Typical monday at Bulacan
I love banri from the archery anime
Need a Netflix account
I love sleeping man, when sleep at the most peaceful place in my mind I just love it
the bond we share , break it
i miss my Twin
idk why up my head hurts so bad and i have no one to talk to anyways
When you just want peace and quiet and someone wont stop talking
The hate you give was a really really good movie it had me in tears four times
Weekend went by so fast back to work tomorrow
This weather be having me wearing leggings underneath my jeans
Also i hate when u first bring out a heater thats been in storage.... Smells like burnt dust.
wait to leave and be with my mom and little brother.
Damn Nick this city weak as shit
Everytime This Comes On I Feel It In My Soul
I want some crab legs
So happy I got to be with him last night sex was amazing
Hope sleep find me tonight
If this prophecy is fulfilled, you will all fall. One by friend, one by foe and one by a family.
I miss Noe been gone since Wednesday and been asking him since Thursday to come get us
Do not want to adult anymore
I miss Noe been gone since Wednesday and been asking him since Thursday to come get us
I took a nap earlier so going to be hard for me to go to sleep
Daisy seems distracted this ep
let me go home and get in my bed
Im craving a michelada
I live in san jose
Was suppose to goal set today for the approaching new month and didnt have time.....also only accomplished 9/20 of my goals this month
believe my birthday is already this Saturday, this month flew by
Found my next tattoo
I kno I didn't bust my ass last night but I have a cut on my elbow and that shit hurts
I jus wanna sleep foreverrr
I seriously wait to meet my daughter wtf
I wanna cuddle with my man but he sleep and I know if I move to get on him gonna wake up and he has to go to work in and hour
Oh no you be in Miami
Red days sucks
Can I just get officer pay without the responsibilities
I just want a spa treatment for Christmas I work to damn hard
So dying my real hair and kinda scared to
I hate to admit it but I really liked senior high's routine
Woooww I need a break
I been feeling so nauseous lately
really that cold ?
I just want some good news tomorrow
Ewww I can smell the pic this all kinda odors
Lmao ok do that too but where I live these cats are vicious
away from everybody & everything
I thought survive second dosage of Jesus today and I really
Thanks babes
I want some neck bones and shit
My number is like an emergency number.
so proud of bae like she been going through soooooo much these last couple months , glad choose to
just stick em up my butthole pls
SSU me Jan 14th
last a day in 1998 twitter
These niggas on Greanleaf STAY with the yak on deck
I want my hair done this lil fro is overdue.
I was 10 and at school & though panty liners were pads & plus my mom was out of town
Me Af
One more class we can do thiiissssssssssss
I felt this way in a long time
i wanna to a baile bruh
A neck roll sis
Same how am I even supposed to sleep excited and anxious at the same time. You would think that be ready by now
what we talking about in the song what we talking about anyways
JK HONESTLY NAIBDIS THE VOCALS WERE SO PURE
sitting here at work googling different restaurants I wanna try and getting hungrier by the minute
So So Def put on a good show tonight. Made me relive my whole childhood
Ugh I miss blood stain pattern analysis
Just wanna get stupid drunk and ride you all night long wya??????
Ouuu I do not feel good body just took a toll on me
all these drinks r nothing but alcohol and half off
is not having it tonight
Casi 5hs sin comer
Malditos analisis
wait for those with my cousins
Still can't believe my baby sister has a baby.
Damn I just realize my shipping is more then I thought Cali was less!
just imagine here with Christmas decor
my friend who calls me lemon moved to Denver so I don't see her
going to be a COLD winter cause we definitely skipped fall
right everyone tell shit on here and it legit release heat
Birthday gift to myself but the zebras re release on pay day sooo
Piper and I got into like two fights that isnt a couple activity
Thank you baby and going to Miami for my bday which is 16 days after Nye
me after every test in pre cal
So my throat hurts and I shouldn't be talking but what's life without people hearing me speak
what
Says the bottom left corner of my screen
Me too
either a new bag or another car the bag will for sure be gifted so I might as well flourish on another car
I got the biggest crush on youngboy throwing me off I wan fight him
I miss how easy high school was
Thank you
October is my favorite month and out here stressing and dealing with midterms instead of living it up
i fuckin wish but such late notice and going for the marathon so
I miss my puppy so much
they announced... they only said be releasing it sometime this yr
I really need a full & a pedicure
Yes
Dyl just went back today. I miss her already. enjoy your momma time.
eryk is out of control
I just saw the ingredients. It has pumice, argan shell powder, and charcoal powder for physical exfoliators. Ouch
I wanna take sexy lingerie pics with those rainbow socks to send to my future partner
I think starting to have a thing for dread heads like all of sudden I been seeing FINE ass dudes with dreads
Brent is so smooth
This clip be killing me This, and that clip of Tyrese singing "KEEP IT THAT WAAAAY "
This Was My Shiiiiiiiiit And Still Is
aaw I bet your exhausted
Miss my cousin already
thank you!!! It took forever to do
SUGAR CANE has any in SO long.
taught my first lash course today and im so happy with the result
Same
I really hope they free ID Alphas soon. I believe my friends are still Neos
You only have to work one day a week and you still make it!
wood me please
I seriously need to get all my winter clothes
Please have a game of your life tomorrow
I hate when that happens
I believe homecoming is over . Now back to reality
bout to melt ...
We relate
I WAS SO SINCERE
Do I really need to go to work tomorrow
this nigga so excited for friday . just ready to see how it plays out .
I want some hot Krispy Kreme donuts and vanilla ice cream
I HAATTEEE homework I wish somebody would do it for me
its only day 2 and i miss my boyfriend so much.
I wait to get in my bed
this hair got my head so tight
All of these new straykids hd photos and havin a hard time picking a profile picture
That time I accidentally ordered $140 worth of shit from the Wish app and now have to wait 5-10 days for my fuckig coins
I swear. Gone toot that booty this way and lay on my arm . I need some of this ret now
And I realize that we have following activities pa pala kami in the middle of exam week
I always take shit tho lol but a push over one apology and we good
Trying shake this sick feeling
That felt so good to get off my chest
I just got over being sick maybe a month ago and now starting to feel like shit again
got scolded for using uberr again fck
Sooooo can it be the future already
Dj pendejo is such a heartthrob
i wanna sleeping now but i have go to school tomorrow
I love candles especially from bath and body ugh
I need to wash my hair
ain some shi! I thought it was the blacker the berry the sweeter we can make.......the juice no righ okay;
tired of open to closes on
I legit call my mom once a day (weekdays) at same time and ask her what she doing like I be knowing she at work.
Had such a good weekend I hate
Youno why
A back massage would be great
Thanks bro...struggle bus today, caught a few fish but no big ones!
God have Mercy on themhear are prayer
We are in a battle for the soul of
Bey. This song so friggin hyyyype. Sheesh.
treat YOU good
blast her baby daddy says he burning his jump offs
Yep
wait to ride my mans face we been working all week
Life is amazing, it is what it should be
I did
Can it be Thursday to see my boo and leave town
My back is really just out here like
{ if
/ \
real shit & even the one to execute at that. her weak ass needed reinforcements smh
Think I might step out tonight if I end up in jail I just end up in jail
thanks baby girl.
need more wealthy friends
I sooooo need a full body massage!
Dozing Behind The Wheel
i want a relationship centered around God. where we pray together, & over each other. go to church together. do bible studies.
literally 1 against 3 of get a grip minions
i was some candy fr
Yes girl I love it
Weather Changing I Feel Myself Gettin Sick
It really sucks
my bf does this shit when I mad
dkgjchsg so sweet thank u
why should I even fix my phone like hoes hitting my line anyway
Soooo when can we officially start wearing sweaters? October na summer vibers pa rin!
Yo when I see someone eating sexy , that shit makes me WEAK like why you eating that steak all sexy
I soooooo need a full body massage right now!
So far out of my comfort zone
My room is FREEZING! nights like this I need to be cuddled up with my man
my last homecoming week, starts tomorrow
Same here, one day in L&D, one in PP, and one Peds
dami mong talent teach me thanks????? HAHAHAH i know u hehe
no matter how early I go to bed my grown ass still gone cry when time for work
So when are they gonna announce 's... tour in Manila. Please, my anxiety... have some mercy and confirm things already
My feelings get hurt so easily
Ughhhhh see what that 3rd string do doe
I swear I have the body of an old lady Sometimes I wonder if I have arthritis.
OMFG this is heavenly
i eat the house at night
Someone tell my boyfriend that has a Christmas tour coming to Boston I CANT MISS THIS!!! PLEASE LOVE ME NOW
Hanbin Baidu Bar got Hanbin a Marshall Kilburn speaker omgggg dhdjjakalalaf that speaker is hella expensive
Why am I nauseous
I been off since Wednesday.. and enjoyed not having to go to work
when yo body so used to havin coffee & beer & the only way to cure yo fckn headache is to drink either one
I need my nails done like tomorrow
I have a bad habit of sticking my pinky finger up when I drink anything like that is so boujee looking
Picking classes for next semester ... just one more semester lord
washed
Forgot to get my baby a birthday sash
i'll try!!
Maybe too many supplements
please shes so cute
This heartburn
Gotta be up for work I need to try to gts
I totally do! we should go next week since working this week. and i mean it; we need a definitive date.
Lex done drunk this capriccio
noooooo i'm crying you don't know how much I miss my baby bbom
I had the audacity to see Baby first Like
I need some mommy friends for this
My body is so sore. I need a full body massage right now
the exact face you made
gone be beyond tired tomorrow baby
Adding the gym back in my schedule has been tough but rewarding
S/o to you single muvas do a hell of a job cause shidddd ....
He is going to run all over the Browns, he?
ugh should i drive to fresno right now or not
all I wanna do is watch The Fosters w/out it buffering every 10 seconds. Is that too much to ask for ?
WHY AM I HERE ?!
D-do you wanna come over?
surgery is Tuesday
Nail shop in the morning finally
Wish knew how amazing my boyfriend really is, but deserve that
Played myself once again.
still stuck on how Fred still sucked bus thumb
Going to bed before midnight for the first time in like a week
I always want Chick on Sundays. the worst feeling in the world.
All I been doing is crying I just wanna chill
such a bad mom .. I been home to feed Dior all day
I can never ever ever get famous said hella dumb as shit in my life especially from 13-18
My mouth just got watery thinking about an egg roll .. A serious craving right now
I really need to die my hair
Omg this is soooo cute I want a baby
Taking a hot ass shower when you sick then lay down is the best feelings ever
I wonder what brother nature did I love watching his videos.
I want it to be Friday already
hardest decision in my life right now. stay in bed, or dip.
Or a milkshake ugh
I think Olivia Benson time nearing on SVU Noah been acting an ass so sis bout to retire I just know it
I want to go out out
Today, the actual love of my life was born
I just want a fat ass blunt
Bro crab be looking soooo good but if I eat it probably die because allergic to seafood
Maybe she snapped
Haha girl I know right ! Like fr tho
the day I get to work with Kevin Gates will be a crazy moment
I took that nap
big headed asf
the last hopeful relationship
Omggggg Get that Route 44 cherry limeade or ocean
I miss doing this
I look at the comments on Cuban Doll page every day All of Detroit on her ass
Misssing my necklace .. dunno where it at
Ugh I feel good
Was trying to stream the game while in lines at Dark Harbor, but draining my battery
getting a gap!!! Still look cute though.
Why is performing at a 21+ club tonight Mo Bamba himself even be able to enter
cannot wait to be back in the fuckn gym man. two weeks of not going is such a drag
Wish i had a cat or 2 or three that could accompany me while i watch mia, shane and good mythical morning
MATT HAS BEEN THROUGH ENOUGH! I just FISK IS DOING TEW MUCH LAWD!
I've accomplished sooooo many things in my life yet still not satisfied... comment ?
Me after I see all the things I have to do this week
I Love My
I miss him real bad
I believe 11
trying to finish my essay, lord jesus help me out, i hate this so much
And I'm low-key the opposite I'd elope in a heartbeat lol
We love being fed
Someone buy me a pair of crocs
After 6 short weeks, Hubbs is going back to work tonight
Jack Frost done stopped by cold !!
Where is this video
The homeland
bitches on twitter are just fucking beautiful I seen like 5 women that could turn me out in the last hour
The in-laws be clutch with the boiled seafood
Day 33 w/o sex: think starting to lose sight in my left ear
I just need some love tired of fucking with these lame niggas baby I just need a thug
I knew Devonte and I last much longer when I played colt 45 by Afroman & he know not a damn single mf word.
Greatest birthday weekend ever
I need some more followers
Look at this little baby I want onnnnnne
They always say good things never last & i know cuz i been broken
is a weeb
He really salty on a date
where them real niggas at yal niggas lie just for fun!
i posted fat art on fb and forgot to private it to a few people and AHDKUIERJF32MN`1W EHGKJR32BHJ K,GRNHBRTG5344H Y54G
Someone smoke with me
apple really responded to oomf
I didnt even see this hfkfjfdj I love u crust
Day moders really live a sad life
photography GOALS
It depends on the circumstances at that exact time. Whew chile I'd be bent.
The way my son fights his sleep just go to sleep lol he doing everything he can to keep himself up
where can I get some bomb nachos
just trying to get da yams
- I miss middle school days with you & you so fire now ..
Watching 9-1-1 makes me not want to do anything
I wait
Finally finished my hw
Why you so untruth ????
Man this month has been so shitty
girl my shana was beautiful
They sleeping on you
It's definitely going to be hard not to use internet. Lol
i hate that i have a lock on my savings
Must be nice
really sick bro like I was doing SO GOOD
I dont wanna cut my baby hair his curls are so beautiful & healthy. I needa find a bomb ass detangler for his hair
Can this headache go away already
Is this too much to ask
In denial that the weekend is already over
only cause i gave a snippet on my birthday by a mistake lmao
Damn, I almost forgot how much I love ice cream sandwiches
Glad the girls liked me enough not to trash my body
Still remember my first edible I called yata crying
Jesus bless me
Think tired now wait till I start these classes next month and be going straight there after work
Hate that the giants are doing so trash , I even talk shit about Dallas tonight
i hate that i give into oomf so fast like come on bruhhh let me hate you for just a few minutes
Staying up just to see Westbrook
the life
Weekends long enough we really have ONE full day on the weekend if you work Saturday I
Lonnie Walker got on the ride i was on right after i got off
well im tired of cheating someone just make me happy
Just remembered I have to go Tax office tomorrow... Pray for me.
Please! free every day until the weekend
Hmmm.. maybe, I was thinking they broke up
i want some seafood
the duality
Drama has barely started...
Why am I not here
I give up Snapchat, it has all the best filters
The guardian is such a good movie
Fresh Out , I Smeell Soo GooodT
And visited the hot springs
sorry
Peppermint oil feel so good after you massage it in your scalp
Procrastination sucks
My baby just had all this hair the other day but I got him his hair cut him still so handsomeeee
I feel guilty
I always procrastinate my assignments
He also fine af
What is wrong with the wacom indonesia support hotline, even pick up my call
bitches LOVEEE a mf wit a gf like damn sis you want my spot to bad. YOU A NEVER GET IT..
I feel like I need to thank personally
I seriously wanna go see the new Halloween at the drive in
Ugh my mind
Horny, as usual The only time this single shit bothers me.
this is cute
can my parents just stay here with me
I swear the smell of cigarette gives me headache.
Bruh I stay hot af ESPECIALLY when laying in bed. I could have the fan on and AC on blast and still sweat
Take me back to july
If I entertained every single time I was told this, I would get nothing done. Interestingly enough,
Damnnn 2 tickets then
Apeshit in my ass
with that Vanilla Ice Cream on top
My gf like that
the misogyny still jumped out
A GENTE TE AMA TANTO
half Scottish and I feel your pain girl Straight up had an old dude come up to me at a
Basically keli hey left with 2 months
supposed to be doing my hair and/or sleeping lol but sooo good!
MAKA ONLINE NAKOOO OYYYYY! KALAMI BAS PAMINAW NA HUMANA ORAL DEFENSE SA DUHA KA RESEARCH LORD, THANK YOU SO MUUUCH!
Gah, insomnia is the worst! Especially when you have to be up at 4:30am.
I gotta really exercise cuz I want be fat like some the of the ppl I went to high school with fat as hell!
Another fine example of me trying and failing.
Anytime anyone**** cause this is absolutely facts from both ends!!
so cold outside I thought I was ready I lied
Pretty much. I can imagine the skill and teamwork from them.
At least seeing Sam tomorrow at visitation
wherever you want it to be
This is me rn
The fall and winter season makes me sad
I like the taste + lactose intolerant
Lmfaoo take a walk in my shoes understand why
lol must be nice
LOL in cases like this that should be allowed
Going out this weekend even feel the same without my partna I miss my only friend
Man black lightning got me hook
i do not want go at school
The Updated Q&A At .? We Need Another Vid
I never wanted to go to sleep so bad before
completing assignments
Starting tomorrow on a diet kinda
Im fucking beat. I been stressed out all damn week
I Miss Wearing Scrubs
PERIODDDD OMGGG YES ! currently going thru this
Fuck wish I had known before I live in Dallas
I want half of my face to be swollen anymore stupid teeth
yess!
Been playing comp for the past 5hrs and my points are right back where I started
Girl ready for her to come out I want my small ass body back
For the first time disappointed at target
I was Trynna find bryan but this fools all blurred out
so tired
That moment when you changed your bag and you forgot to move over your chapstick too.
gotta say goodbye to the junk n fast food
I really wanna get pregnant but not ready to be fat again lmao let me enjoy my lil cute body for a while longer
But I been knew that
Faux locs, blow out, more braids, or bundles
Binge watching I GET SO EMOTIONAL lovely.
I just want to cuddle. I wait till Friday.
please give me all your baked potatoes w sour cream and chives
I love the people in my life rn so content
the cutest.
the root of all my happiness know where or how I would be in life without this beautiful woman I
OMG AND ITS 11:11 GOD BLESS
I want some hot wings so bad
I wanna go see again
Good morning
She has so much personality My Kay Mommas
Man, been crying since last week. just trying to have a better week
I'm so cold in this bed oh nooooooo I'm not about to do this all winter
Right back to the nonsense
Who has off tomorrow? tryna do something
Oh So Facebook Boosters Too I Mean People Will Really Steal A Status & Think We Dont Know After It Has Be Shared 100k Times
I put the dress on. do it. Ended up in blue.
a whole bunch of cars in front and in back of me at whata. Just wanna get home already and binge watch
I literally wait to be back in austin
Istg everyone in detective conan has a twin, or now, triplet, for shinichi
Starving but feel like cooking and everything is closed
Hopefully this nigga act right and cuff me so i can spoil him this Christmas
Getting so big
I just saw rhe picture omg she looks so pretty and cute and squishy with that hair color im
Give me Christmas ideas
& the pencil I used to fill it in to test how fill it in just ran out .....
well where r uuu
Can we see it pls
I AM DO TIRED... WISH I COULD SIT
Me & jazz just vibing right now fr
Breh leave me alone
LOOK AT THIS
This semester is giving me baby fever af smh
exhausted
All saying is get it while you can. in Champaign wishing I had some rn
I hate pills weh I need to take them tho and pretty much any kind of keratin shampoo, right?
seriously
yes daddy this is your pussy
Can I be 21 already I wanna go out and drink already
Nah stuffed
Yuppp, moving to the states, be looking way too fine
i cut it off
in pain and uncomfortable
Damn my knees hurt from squatting & stretching so hard while I was bowling today but I took that W so kinda worth it
some new pics are there , I want them
Only thing looking forward to after work is the gym
I really hope they access my credit
Hate when trying to sleep & get the worst heartburn
Never liked em old but too damn young
Every time I do my makeup reminded of how much damn money I spent in Sephora but yalllll its such a big
i have dancer inigo s supported w gerome but i want owain intsys please add inigo i wanna s support laslow n owain
boyfriend me please!
my bf knows me so well i tell him I want go to the carnival and he replies so chuntis smh i know you
Miss my mommy.
I know you just want to be a bug
I would rather get cheated on by my wife of 20 years, than have this happen to me again
crazy simple
I need more time
This slick NoCap
no better feeling then thinking you did horrible on a case study then logging in to see you got a perfect score
ready to finish off this semester (& hopefully pass) so I can enjoy an entire semester off 4 semesters straight is way too much
my girlfriend is so fucking beautiful inside and out, I stg I wish I could cuddle with her ALL day and never leave her side
Another weekend disappeared.
Which is my last night in the city
so drained but money sleep
She is my morning
What is being alive when a whole Min Yoongi exist
Stuffed baked chicken
really over with
haven't slept since saturday , I keep telling y'all insomnia is a bitch
I kinda have a choice lmao i have to wait.
I am really about to be mommy
I always be thinking about if Alonna was still here all the time all the memories we made
Excuse me miss , you suppose to be here lol . Check your IG
I really just wanna and go to sleep at this point. cold as hell and my ride left
IG story: myleensanpedro
CAUSE OF DEATH:
Mygahd,
Girl who u telling it be sad asf but with that u just gotta let them know u love them and be prepared for whatever
gonna enjoy this last week time went by so fast
Not bathwater though
My favorite pastime is taking a midday nap laying between lil joe and baby joe talk about comfort!!
Ima be looking sick when y'all pull up my old tweets
im so exhausted
not looking forward to this 8 hour chemo session tomorrow
She was so little
the handle on this one came out so nicely lol it's a shame it must be covered with my chonky hands
Why is jikook so loud?!? C'mon taekook, give us something. Anything.
i love spontaneous freaky shit come fuck me in the kitchen while im washing dishes
Tf am I waiting for
I'm such a brat, in a GOOD way! barbietingz
Also remnisciient of Grape Lady Falls
That shower was everything after a long day I had
I hate the fact that be working 12 hour shift & tomorrow my first day dead miss my baby like crazy
Had a blast! Much needed
Not the cheese! Dammit Trump.
Man why I had to get the cold
I swear
still mad not on Apple Music
Love this song.
i didn't even have to convert him
steam says I'm about to hit 4000 hours and I'm low champ 2 and u expect me to be calm
I keep getting really sleepy and then restless
I am sooooo damn confused now
i just wanna be on the beach, looking at the stars, surrounded by the people I love... midterms, is that too much to ask for???
i like when people play w my hair & touch my skin softly
wish I could unfuck w/ some of mfs
Worth it ba to?
I tried playing Home Sweet Home and I just did a big NOPE out of that. That shits scary
I think childish i know how to do my own make up not even a basic natural look. my next weekend off learning.
1500 every two weeks waiting on Friday like tomorrow
Sleep is calling my name !
I CUTENESS OVERLOAD
All I do is sleep and eat
Damn we about lose to Clippers
I wish I could give myself a massage!
HOLY SHIT a whole ass foot taller than me tall king !
Mood all day long
Trying to remember the last time I had a good passionate kiss.... I
Why she at dragcon
This nigga really texted this man phone telling him I need to go to the health department but be eating my ass I understand
hope you was ready because we turning up
Trying to avoid twisting my hair at all costs
I know a lotta bitches that wash they hands after too smh
` so ready to go to bed
I just wanna know why Rondo thought it was okay to spit in somebody else face
Wish you been there. & just a lot of paperwork & medical stuff. not too bad!
head hurts
I told him I was hungry & he said he already had wings for me at the house omg
Gotta delete my social media apps so I can actually accomplish everything before homecoming brb
My belly always want to make noise after I brush my teeth
not ready
I get text or answer calls STILL, thank goodness for social media
Yeah I play with fake friends believe I be spazzing out like that but it sounds right
Oh my babes miss you. dragging you up to sheff for tank Monday on ur next Monday off, .
i got a mean ass headache
Idk what ill do without Tia
Really missing my multi thousand dollar paychecks.. i need to get back on webcam
A plan not going to work lol
Shid I be gagging tasting alcohol ... even with shots be about to throw up
woman crush
even the titties perfect
Again? Jesus!
i sleep feeling too queasy why do i not eat at all on adderall like i make this mistake every fucking time
I'm not ready to play with demons nor open the hard stan gates y'all
My baby boy is 7 months already
Crawling
Says
Loves mangos & bananas
Hates peas
Gives the best
So this happened tonight my poor baby
he is unreAL
Lls getting outta hand
Can this Tennessee trip with the fam come faster I wait
I need a body massage
He sounds like a typical stunt queen
Not feeling good at all shit wild day dizzy and nauseous
I just wanna feel better cuz I miss these cuties
I smoked all day
bitch, BITCH! BITCHHHHHH
Cutest freakin couple
naw bitch gone wanna catch some work after done with his weak ass homeboy pulling one of yo moves
Happy to get my wig done tomorrow
give me a year & my body will be like hers
Dallas Cowboys
I wanna be romanced like how they do in movies so corny
hoco saturday. drinking today. i have no energy for school tomorrow
hard to find success in my household, both my parents have their lives together at all but, on the right path
ion have anything specific planned unless we finna bring it back for the one time
like i been missing this bitch whole time i been in the met
When i get into the hang of my workout and eating routines i be loosing 4 pounds weekly so ima stay at it for the next four weeks
just 3 more days until i get to see my best bitch
The things manifesting in my female group chats talking visions so big that they scare us, soulmate
Awe my friend really named her new eyelash collection after me I love my friends
When Tynisha Keli said wanna say I love you so bad, but I wanna scare you I felt that
I want a daughter I wanna match & play dress .
Just hoping not bad timing cause Idk if I can do this again
I want some cookout
I that of that! I doubt If Oliver though!
Highkey miss school
Sis is on that UK vibe
trying to sis it just takes a lot of money.
I miss the video to this thread. I wish it taken down
bitch that cute
Please I wanna have to tase u smh
I hope everyone had a blessed weekend time to go to sleep and wake up at 5 in the morningggg
hardest pill to swallow
Come teach me how to cha cha bwoy
need to find an outfit for Friday
What happened in your childhood that you passing notes in school
I feel like going to work tomorrow
me and my daughter in the future
Wanna try being a vegetarian but I give up wings
I get nervous when dudes compliment me I literally die inside Like please stop... seriously. killing me
mann its the worst
no seriouslyyyy cause sometimes i take pics and be a lil tooooo cute be questioning myself like do i
Want my hair done
When involved w someone, I hate being alone.. I hate feeling alone! Cause like.. why you here? Do you not wanna be..
The Bengals look soooooo sad.
Can this vacation with the fam come faster. I wait
Somebody said it I swear with ya hands is the best
I wait to see an ocean.
right lol
craving this
wait for the new Snow White movie
What I deal with 5-6 days a week
They keep me young, I suppose
i have yet to go to a haunted house
learn from the last time
Damn I really turn 20 this year tired of growing up
The things people do to get my attention only makes me ignore them even more
I need some drake tickets for the Atlanta dates them shits expensive af on tm
Back to reality
i literally just told him to carve a pumpkin w me
from the start, i never thought, i'd say this before but i don't wanna love you anymore gwaa
maaan everybody outside lmao. I always get bothered
We remixing this song
That song explains my life down to a T! Stay Prospering!!!
ready for a boyfriend
Shsjsksk eventually gonna have none
Tea, but Swae Lee's parched vocals ruined the song His throat was too dry and he needed some water
I Really Love Celery
Shits crazy bro
I be thinking the exact same thing man
Just dropped my son off about to drop this money off and go have a drink
Who activated your twitter
Bihhhhh drop that song NEEEEOWWWWW
It's frustrating watching a man cockblock himself.
anticipating my off days
- When praying & crying, you know you hurt about so much. God give me strength
I still lay a blanket down an let sleep on it why do I baby her so much why she a brat now
I just remembered I have like no gas in my car
how to resist temptations?
seriously getting so excited for her I already know have some pretty curls
Would Be Nice
Wanna go back to NZ just for long weekend!!!
Goodnight, struggling with uploading legit making my head hurt... will make sure my first vlog is up tomorrow
Need somebody to keep me warm on these cold nights mane
Damn i wanted another TD
a TRU friend
And the stuffed cheesy bread
So I was cutting my hair and now I messed it up
; if it looks that good I wonder how it taste Nah but you fine asl tho
Laying down & all I can smell is my man
I been craving some souse or chili lately anything spicy with saltine crackers
Halloween was good asf
Worked out for the first time on Friday since the last two months and legit every muscle in my legs are sore
I wanted to go to the pumpkin patch badly when is the last day
i just came across a sh spoiler i think i'll have to mute some ppl but i promise to unmute as soon as i catch up
What I deal with 5-6 days a week
They keep me young, I suppose
Bohemian Rhapsody & The Nutcracker come out on the same day
I need a vacation
When cuddling and your penis all warm in between some soft cheeks. Miss that
Drinking henny again excuse my behavior
And now begins the headache of renewing my SAPC
Oh wow. We usually finish what doing before we leave our rooms because we know not real
I miss when my Eli was small
FaceTime calls everynight would make ya ass fall in love
When he say stop because he gotta pee
Afff linda
My poor little man has been hiccuping for the 5 minutes straight
I was talkn bout my store manager but you too teacher
I wish he was with me but I gotta stop holding him hostage
Mahomes still slinging it.
bae finna cook for us
One long ass day!!
I see lol yea his wig is such a pain But yaa!!! If this oddball goes thru and we get all of them ill cry
Idk what i want to do to my hair after i take these braids out
Charger real life broke on me today
i had such a great weekend I dont wanna go back to work tomorrow
I've not seen that movie in a so long.
And if gonna have pound cake, it be lemon. 1000% throw it away
like a thanksgiving plate
look trashy lookomg girls just because the
jealous this really is and I normally only eat enchiladas at restaurants
I want it but niggas want a house
My ass hurts from Spin class
Everytime I swallow I think about to die I hate being sick bruh.
i missed your performance im hurt
4 more weeks until Fantastic Beast
exhausted taking everything in me not to just start crying
That makes me feel better. I quit watching after Negan (sp?) massacred more than a few of our faves. My heart just take
i really do this school shit
go head then because I wish lmao that shit is hard but spending adds up who said we wanted to be adults lmao
Major, human services & psychology and minor in child development Whats your major?
Watching Greys anatomy & crying
I do wanna go see the hate that you give, I heard the movie was everything
This beat inspiring me right now. I can do a sexy ass rap to this
I already know when I become a mom imma be over protective
I was talking about my store manager but you too teacher
WAH , read the whole thing
bitch like why do you keep playing? just tryna love you already
Greys anatomy once again making me cry on a Sunday night
This bat looks like it has a unibrow everything about this image is killing me fjdjjd
I text him shit like imma knock your fucking ass out then be loving on him when he gets here
My mom Jamaican she play that shit AT ALL grab anything ANYTHING near her and beat me
Why people just be happy for me
I wish I was
My ass was supposed to be sleep by 8. I can already taste all the coffee imma need in 6 hours
OKAY WELL im already a vampire gf w/o makeup :) papa smurf wya?
My mom wants me to go to Atlanta with her for Christmas girlaaa
Just wanna be rich enough to have my arm look like this
Drea taught me how to make pancakes today
Wishing for my moms food so bad rn wait to go home this weekend!
It feels amazing
idk when tho cause be outta town the weekend before
Okay To Not Be OkAy , Do you Feel me
Just to not open his message
Unpacking and realizing missing A LOT of books
Abort abort
Had you on my mind so much lately.. it sucks that there and here.. sorry things never worked.
His brothers got into a fight and now he want to be big brother save a nigga
I hate that my face is fat asf now that pregnant
fave number is 10 crying maybe his lucky person HAHAHAHA OKAY NEXT
Facts
These contact been in for 3 days shit
had this headache for 2 days now and it just go away
I need so much stuff done before Thursday
Craving pineapples & strawberries
I have headaches every day
Cramped All Day First Day Weird But I Think About To Fasho Now
so damn cold outside omg
omfg no! She did look like Fred Sanford and crying matter because the NBA
i takin dis fckah prom brah i no caree whattt!! Imagine him all juiced up, in a tux im gonna take him
I Miss My BoyFriend .
tell me why my gf just stole like 3 pumpkins from this patch we came to & we almost got caught last fucken time I come with them
Can you do mine
And FHE
so fucking GORGEOUS!!!
Them lips
I keep missing little FaceTime calls
Fucking with no condom cause tryna start a family
love baabbyy pop up on my screen
she's the most precious thing
By the time she releases that most of the lyrics are gonna change
This real man
tell me that you love me just so i can hear it
Hes so gorgeous and the lip freckle is out
Not the baby
Love your lips
So mad I waited till now to wash this nappy ass head
Ok someone on my tl tweeted about trypophobia thingy on dmumt poster and i go check it out on ig and now i cant unsee it
he does some to me and don't even know it
freezing in Orlando
Jesy eats up every single one of sorry
me: hey nct/marteen
what we about: sup bitch
me: hah stop it
what we about: heh bitch
me: UHHHHH
We gon' end up by ourselves and not each other And that's a fuck up
Right
WAH WAH WAH BITCHHH YO AH BABY
jcon merch omg i need
Yo my dog be fuckin hisself up , he stay running into glass doors and the walls in my house them sharp corners are his worst enemies
too scared to cut my hair
tired tired
nyc
Again another....
Need to hit the mall up in a couple weeks
nothing like a scorching hot shower
- you have such a beautiful smile so adorable!!
Cannot take any chances , I love my teeth
Six flags was cool but brick
last time i cried:
uh when i broke up w my gf
Dam...way to make me feel old!
been Melo for the win
I definitely need more mom friends, but most people are so draining to be around what happened to genuinely good people?
I want to bake cookies , do facials, watch YouTube videos on makeup and pampering, sing songs, watch family
today i draw swallowed a pill for the first and last time ever
My cat makes my heart melt
in my pjs now but lemmeee see
Me tooo
shawty be dubbing me like ard i get the signs now
Let me see if he wanna come pumpkin picking wit us he probably mad at me but he say no cause for my girls
For a second I thought Maggie was riding that carriage with Glenn ....lol my eyes were deceiving me
Cravings are so terrible I really want this grilled cheese and tomato soup
I mean it
Who has an Apple Watch charger I can borrow
Everything gained
boo brought me some food & that shit was torchhhhh
my room smell so good
no more
Having the crib build makes me so happy
not det ass serious right here
These brother nature tweets are too funny lmfao they on his ass
today i dry swallowed a pill for the first and last time ever
gak
I have to go here omg
Momma you mad if you the coins to do so you would first bash big women and call them fat! Now a
I hate spicy food bruh
omg get out my head
i swear i want to get a car already
shettt i miss you both
This video warms my heart every time!
I can't believe he's in 5 episodes. That's not even half the season.
Got my milk and cookies bout to cry cause been waiting for this all day.
Thanksgiving break is too far away
this sleep is about to be so good
fuck i need to shit but i need to wait for another hour until my friends comes
OMG! Stop...
Ughhh.... our high was 40 with snowflakes. Snowflakes
Sis, I weighed a lip and sis an ounce heavier than one side
I need to delete twitter for a minute
What happened to chivalry and respect? Times have really changed for the worse
I woke up & everybody was gone
I keep a headache
It was this one boy all in my face yesterday at the party I was finna slap his ass I was already rolling he was blowing tf outtah me bro
Im literally an atheist but I always thank God for NCT, their power
thanks for the invite !
I'm not feeling well today, I don't even know whether I'll make it to work
Mental health is so important man and I never realized until I was the friend mfs needed to check on. Cus whew
Got the worse headache rn . I even stay asleep
Bloom scent is everything gardenia ftw
Back to reality
i meant as a smurf lady i will fuck him. older men
I turn 21 in four months so Atl gone be so fun this summer because I can get in everything now
so embarrassed by my nails. i leave the house this weekend & now
looking crazy!
watched a star is born last night, im done
I need to go apple picking
Season 1 was amazing but i really get into season 2 and idk why
Down to have a movie night on Halloween with me? I have a couple parties to go to
I wanna surprise one lowkey
what a beautiful morning
I want to see him in concert again SO BAD
Got me a future ex wife
Hello I have to get back to reality after my mini anniversary vacation and IM SAD
I did not subscribe to this cheesiness
And ps. PLS GET MARRIED
I got you! We need to plan a day to go!
Someone text me so I have to do this hw
I feel so bad for Maleficent...
Sad! I been busy and lost the change to be part of a gc and lost track of the au , I literally had
brother, says you and everyone else dark eyes is literally in my genes and that shit sucks bc no
My room smells like cuz I kept my sandwich away from my brothers
I love when cold af & you can smell fires
I need to stop being so damn nosey
I keep seeing all these cute couples post cute pics with their cute pumpkin carvings
Me With P.C
just made me shed a tear with that birthday video for
SEDAR LA ESOK ADA PAPER INSURANS DENGAN BI COMUNICATE BUT MY MIND STILL STUCK WITH THIS
this is it
My heat working! And I have no one to cuddle with for warmth. At least Blues Traveler was awesome AF!
The LOML
This makes me so sad cause i could never try almond milk.
The part of the game I did watch they cheated them peoples
Me to
Damn already ready to get off work tomar
I wish you would give me a chance I would treat you so good Hmu bb this is what I need
The fact that this song just came on and I get on twitter and see this pic
The wheel barrel
I finished it
I love u
really regretting my decisions now I wanna restart
Poor Laura. Captured by the GW religion
Having the crib built makes me so happy
Where are your blemishes
She was SO sexy I NEED her again
at midnight: WELCOME TO YOUR NIGHTMARE BITCH
Me: omg yass Rezzy Krueger, SHRED ME UPPPPP
He articulates so well
Like sad I sleep until I get a muthafucka back
Lmaoooo I am so mad at you calling him that . Aww I need to see the babies
I just did a shoulder bop among finding this thread
Its so cold outside
soooooo madddd I do NOT wanna wait till January 20th!! Half the season went by tooo fast
They wrong for this
I just keep counting the hours of sleep I can get
The disrespect
I want a puppy now
these last 2 weeks
te amo
Right!!! So much
Chalked once more
My boss at the cafe gotta chill. He keep feeding me for free like this fitna fall in lust
Locked myself out the house
they really keep coming back to their superpower concept sksjsjdn let them live
Twitter is the go to for sports and porn
As Saturday approaches my stance on making cake pops have drastically changed
I have an obsession with rubbing my scalp. It feels so good
omg you were in LA today
Tryna force myself to sleep
Is
Watching Game of Thrones from the beginning with my shorty. so weird seeing all these characters that around currently
What i miss with this cold weather was having to pump gas
Really want to move back to Texas but if rjay go work off then definitely moving back
Really wanna be laid up one day does nothing for me lol but the money always calling
I only ever feel like this in school but I just had to face it... be in school foreverrrrr
Want to cut my hair short but scared
also i sleep lol passed out
PLEASE LAH NAK NANGIS IF DENGAR PERKATAAN C TU
If could hear how I just bust out into song just now
They're such a hassle though.
Fucking sweating at work wait to get home into my cosy bed for a few hours. Shame about uni tomorrow tho
Still rooting
I wait to be fine again
talk, it get any easier from Daisy with the all the truth bombs today. la vie
10am, im at work and feeling so tired already the album making? dont forget to hydrate guys!
Haven't tweeted this much in so long only doing this cuz my phone dry asf right now .
I miss my baby(cousin) y'all
. . I jus wanna be left alone I hope love feel like this killing me over and over again jus let
so played!
Kissing, touching, holding, booty rubs, pussy rubs, laying up, spooning, I needs all that
Right now!!!
He already in love he doing pop ups
everything a guy could ever ask for im kinda hard to handle sometimes but thanks anon
My house cold & I Want Some Ice Cream
Ima miss my daughter these weekends go by way to fast
My child left me again . Now bored and lonely
is STILL fucking me over and not even my coach anymore just kick the goddamned
Finally out
Lawd I never refreshed my TL so quick, over hollin at Toya & Heavenly right now can we all get along
Finally off
SKDKSN him in that yellow hoodie got me feeling things thank u!!!. I really need this
Work at 7 goodnight
I know, but uni
Everything from waste down is just in so much pain
please tambah hall , army malaysia sngt la ramai , tak cukup 1 hall for 1 day , please help us gsc
I want some pecan candy
Lmaoo I can relate My name Malika and my sisters name Tanika and Gamika meanwhile my mother name Natika
up, my Masters graduation in University of Manchester this coming
I don't think jake is gay enough for this.
Fuck why the fuck do I stress so much
I know I say this a lot but still waiting to get my head rubbed
So very true. I rarely use mine and regret
i know u nastyyyy, she be touching on her own body
i love them together.
customers are the worst, im trying my best trust me
why am i always hungry at this time
Things that used to make me sad, just get me angry at this point oh lawd
Right But We Wanted Thiss
The day I get a puppy , going to be soo happy
Lmao bye cause you and him gone kill me before I even get to the clinic
No because it got my hopes up. You actually here
So blessed to have Andrew
I wait
I want a cute slick ponytail but I want any heat on my hair
My boo knocked out
trying to watch spooky movies. Tis the season and all.. but why does my girlfriend have to live 4,500 miles away
In order for me to fall asleep, i need to have either YouTube or music i cannot go to sleep in complete silence
a white kiwi
AHHH this girl is so cute her little shimmy at the end gets me every time !
you shy when it comes to approaching or texting someone you like..... I know I be the only one
so excited to wear my crocs on a super cold day omg
I Miss You More Babyy
i only shave my legs in the winter so weird
My dick keep screaming this girl name , she love us nomo pickle
I can listen to Pete Davidson all day.. I love that song
Go me, climbing up ladders, told you I was a soldier I climb out of holes. Ya dig word play cray
ready for my mama to get back to SC, I need a home cooked meal
And now that I want to reread it I find it to save my life
Leaving my house alone needs to be planned within 3 to 7 business days.
That flowing hair was everything. I was so in love with him.
I gotta watch this soon.
been thinking being a bitch all the time bc i need to smoke, but starting to realize i am just going through dick withdrawal
This is so cute
When me and my cousin on the best of terms, I swear I be upset. Because like my BEST friend.
I miss my son
I HATE when people lie to me for ABSOLUTELY no reason. try to manipulate me for YOUR personal gain. Just be straight tf up
I just watched the weirdest movie on Netflix
I wait for my life to finally get better, nobody know how much & how long been praying for it
ugh so true labi na if tam-is heeaaveennnn
Being care-FREE
What did brother nature do ? so lost
19 degrees and contemplating putting a jumper on. so not ready to come home to winter temps
My bed is calling my name
getting really bad acne and pissing me off
These people put me in a fucked up situation lord
ICY! My 613 hair toned looked just like that too
Whyyyyyy did I choose tonight to wear slides
been there before
Are you wearing a wig? literally the ONLY difference that I could spot out of the 2
Until we get depressed now we switching glasses and contacts like lmo bruh I like you in real life
Just tryna find a girl that will make TikTok videos with me
I loved us that was my dawg
speedy recovery please my leg
Trevor Jackson is one fine ass man the man who played Superfly
one minute hungry next minute hungry again
Best believe that shit be SMACKING
He fell asleep in that again, he fell asleep in that again
let the everyone does it think set you back tho
I really am sooo awkward when people give me gifts & when people compliment me I just know what to say or do
Tb verano llega ya
I really miss my bestfriend
I just wanna give him the biggest kiss
Thank god, that mess has been going on for a year
Yess happy for kimi getting a win after so long and max getting second but fuck Dan DNF again when will he catch a break
my ratio is about to be skinnier than legs
I Wish I COULD relate
I want to take my baby to a pumpkin patch
My babyyyyy been waiting
Def my tweets from 09
My weakness is Wendy's...
im still too tired to go to school
laying under my man be the best feeling until he start sleeping wild asfuck.
this makes me sooo happy
I need a new look
I just want to have someone to cuddle and watch scary movies with
this look like gone be good as hell
my earphones
Going all the way to San Clemente for some escape tickets
Kids & puppy me please
My whole body is sore
I wanna go to the batting cages
someone has to teach me how to shotgun , bc faith cutting it
twitter needs an edit button
i shoulda went to that amazon thing
Me right now
Ma touffe et du vin
Wineeeeeeee !!!
It was so fun at the game today
Just my luck I get sick Probably from my co worker coughing around the vision center Or maybe from my flu shot I got
Movie theatre popcorn is bomb the next day
I bite my lip when stressed and I really need to stop because getting really bad and hurts so much
Watashi wa kita
omelette du fromage
No ones been wanting to do face masks with me so I convinced 4 yr old nephew to do it with me
What I have time for is these bitch ass allergies
I legit have baby fever
i aint been home before 12 in so long im bout to sleep good
Math literally makes me cry
i pray god protects my heart ..
Why people like being around me son dead ass annoying!
Eating ice cream and going to bed depressed
Andy Reid take the 3 so now the Over is dead
just wanna be wit someone willing to treat me right and show me everything and not just leave and love like no other
This is actually me right now
When you doing good then somebody asks wrong and you break down
This was nothing but a revelation
libra season is almost over
i don't wanna choose
Headache
When I think about school & how school working me
I went to the wrong school
I stick my pinky up when doing anything dealing with my hands
I want this to work
been buying winter clothes for Christopher and most of them are grey, I need to stop
So you a rapper fam when yo first show?
I usually see my cousins but when I do they want to scare the living shit outta me
Darlene kill Larry baby i want to be together
Girl with the tattoo is still a banger
My bladder is so weak I
hate sleeping alone
There's my problem....
so hard
Oh jan mesye sa non mounn, li t vann mw yon bon caoutchou pou machinn mw Anh
Tchuips sa sa regadem
I know right! These videos are everywhere and the worst things on my feed
My Kids Love Them
Close friends really my song speaks to me
I need a chest vest
I got the itis like a mfa
love, happiness e healing
Not ready for this week to start
I get annoyed easily been asking god for patience and understanding because I clearly have any
Same! It was so heartwarming
Period ! I'm over Philly yo smh.
My dog is sick been whining all day . Taking him to the vet tomorrow my poor baby
I let mine go a month ago and I feel amazing. Right here with you
So tired of feeling trapped
Nothing worse then having a lot on your mind and feeling like you have no one to call and vent to
is sooooooo goood!! still waiting on Season 3 of tho
i need to hear the rest of this rn
So I have a confession to make... a
he won't answer this most precious question anyways..m not asking anymore
I got the worst headache of my life
I wanna talk but I wanna exert the energy
Is it really that scary ?! I wanna see it even more
Nov 2 too far away
yo that Teylor Ennis injury is crazzzy
I need my car detailed ASAP
Okay soooooo Halloween is this weekend and I still know what going to be help!
turn around and not like 90% of the songs on the playlist. He know it but that shit would probably never get played.
any time at work I visualize what I can do with EVERYTHING they get all their money back over it
bout get my granny to make this steak and mash potatoes for me
when he get that fresh cut and waves are immaculate
Currently risking it all by eating this snickers already itching
This song really puts me in my bag why must I have feelings for someone who shit...Devil please cut me tf loose
I have big dreams of having a house like this one day.
30minutes to turn in this assignment
This nigga won't let me move on for nothin
Are you watching all of AHS season 8!?! Bc Cordelia is serving looks!!! Yes i am shes killing me
unfortunately Goodnight!!
Who has planet fitness and can take me to their gym? In-Shape is closed already.
omggg, what doing tonight??
Folks livin "TBL" & here I am living an "atleast my bills paid" type of life
I need some holy annointing oil
facts then them goes yank back
been a week since I ordered & I just want my stuff
Nothing like the shower you take after a nice workout
So disappointed people want to act crazy and ruin my experience to see
My ear idk going on
I need me a KENTRELL
Me too
Need a bowl of Frosted Flakes
Why do you girls at the gym gotta be so sexy? I had sex in days
sleep please find me
My life as a student
I stop taking about Jimin
This is him any time trying to focus on Joon or anyone else
Damn sis , I was rooting for you
Why did I hear your voice while reading this
Lord knows I ready for that exam...now I can focus solely on A&P
I can only dream of having eyebrows like yours.
Still sleeping with the fan on love when my room is nice & cold sleep hot
I wanna go to the movies but such a loner
I wanna go back to work tomorrow
u never responded to me sending baek pics
I have a crazy, intense week ahead of me
Boutta get my soul snatched brb
Where is Lisa?
Welp get a fletchers corn dog this year from wish they sold them in stores!
The new boruto episode tho
only slept for 2 hrs last night I just hope I can sleep well tonight
Goodmorning
On Meeee !! But Mane Sometimes It Be Like Thatt She Better Act Like She
Aight borrowing my shoes without asking is one thing but then making them stink and getting them dirty like bruh wtf
I needed that workout i feel soo good
Tweet me pictures of cute costume ideas! I need help!
9885 - so cute and I like that I can be my disgusting self around you
ok with almost every shade on my eyes except for blues I know if me that not choosing the
A girl would change a nigga life I promise
telling me
Shit made me cry man
The tiger ones g
really wanna delete all my social media accounts and disappear
Yeah trying to find couple ideas lmao
Going live on at 11:30PM EST! Kicking off with some hard mode. come swing
I need book to hurry up and drop already
Damn ion have enough followers its like up talking to myself.
wait
and so they stop dropping in brand reputation
Congrats
I miss my honey
What took us so long haha I gotta promise myself to not let it go that long again.
SHHSJDJD what would I do without you
Effin-a, these twelve hour shifts are brutal.
Those wings were so good
i want that more than anything
TRASH WHY TRASH HOW TRASH FROM HOW LONG AGO WHAT IS HAPPENING i don't need another man disappointing me in life
he did do some foul ass shit surprise bitch knock you out you know he known for leaving a bitch where
I look at him sleep and ask myself what I did to deserve such a great soul
Late night orders photo necklaces by me
so tired but fighting my sleep
yo come get your girl
Spent so much unnecessary money this weekend gonna be stalking delivery trucks and hiding packages for about 2 weeks
Just catching up with this jet lag n going home in 2 days back to square 1
Okay go add me on Facebook
I miss my girlfriend
The crawl
I need to get some sleep my body is exhausted
Nowhere near done getting winter clothes
I just want some and ranch
deep conversations with the right person be the best stg!
I hate impulse purchases
Why am I awake at 4:30?
Everything just hurts. Hurts so bad.
Saaammee cute I love it giving me baby fever soo bad
hungry ugh
are lucky
For him
who am i
Really praying everything work in my favor
like I even thought ab these ppl in so long y do ppl always think still pressed about old shit
Ain ate no hamburger helper in so long stuff use to be so good to me
Please stop dming me i will open later :(
really loose nobody else
I gotta take them for ice cream tomorrow since i took PTO. I have to make up for getting on to them
omg horrible
these past couple of weeks have been so crazy
Yall know how bad I wish I stayed sleep .
my recent on Instagram is a flop, show me some love please
Am a baby person I want a baby
But dont have baby money
nobody text me back
Need to get you in my gear
TO COM SAUDADES
yb so hard to me
Scrolling through Facebook and saw a scene from Descendants of the Sun, and now I wanna rewatch it...
Best birthday present ever would be a call to play in the NFL. Practice squad or whatever
ace and messiah is here ... my turn next
does anyone know to like......how to enjoy the stupid harmless things you like without feeling absolutely terrible about it all the time
craving oatmeal cream pies
Are we going to get a baby? Cuz basically another Maggie and Glenn
Should I order sushi at someone expense? Or get up & cook
Fuck, I got to school tomorrow
As humans we really are. lowkey sad but all had blinders on
I get to make a soup this week and super excited about it. Idk if I want to cook chili or crab corn and lobster bisque
I had any candy corn yet but the kettle corn and Halloweentown is cooking
i want a bestfriend relationship like elsy & alo
actually so happy
I need somebody to text 24/7
say you fuck wit nobody else and that the only 1 day never ever hurt me and you put this on your son
Damn a total of 3 naps today. Who am I ?
I seeent that! I was like woulda been the hook up
I want to say my messages coming through but in reality no one text me any ways
I wanna be laid up and loved on
the pumpkin pop tarts are back and i canna contain myself
i want more friends
I love that face to face shit like yess keep me company .fuck a phone
I be yawnin and tears be coming out my eyes how tired I be
Bruh I got the whole theater to myself
I wanna go grab some food but I wanna leave the house at the same time
My heart I miss him as a puppy
sorry not worth it then
Jaded is so soothing gotta play it at least once a day
going to die from workouts this week
say you fuck wit nobody else and that the only 1 say never ever hurt me and you put this on your son
All Time Unless Drunk Then They Finna Read Some Other Shxt
hell dont tell me that now i gotta get them fr
this is all i wanted
Don't wanna watch Daredevil cause I know I'll watch it too fast
Send it to her over fb
please ugh not our fandom/issues not related to exo, not our problem. seriously, you're dragging exo again in that mess
Ya quiero Red Dead Redemption 2!
My kink is when she hits me with a truck
Wow.....I'm old. I'm assuming yall have no clue what limewire was either... or AOL
My bf gets on my nerves but i hate when he leaves
really casting spells and summoning demons this month
4-close every Sunday always takes away from me doing my hw
makes me cry every single episode some plz help why am I like this
And now 11:30
so disrespectful
Going On Wednesday Too
I finally go back to work tomorrow after 3 weeks off.
Bitchhh
I love songs you can have sex to
Need a massage my body screaming for one right now
I love seeing niggas really treating they girl like a Queen like really hard to come across a good nigga
Teach me mom
jusko lord let me survive this week
Pray I have to work that weekend
Somebody Call Me Or Sum
Why would I ever wake up
Feels so good
I put myself on
Phone been dry all day even get a group message
Damn how did I miss that? I clearly been on and off the site since we got to the matteson shop at 3
& when other my heart involved decide to let my guards down show me that your just like them all i have trusted u around
why are my hands & feet freezing but hot ... somebody tell me going on?
Sucks wanting to help and do the most for people but you
i swear my allergies kick in during the worst times. never met a pill that can help me
got the urge to buy stuff but my bank account is telling me that i need to chill out ...
Blame them so loud
My allergies are acting up so bad! Why?!!!
not again with the baby fever
Time To Smoke && Lay TF Down
my wire popped out my mouth son omg
i wanted to see hopie today
Lol I jst be asking for food
Instagram have deleted my account connected my new one upto Facebook so sorry for any late night adds
Honestly mood/goals
This is the cutest, most pure thing ever seen in my life
yesssss
Stop the suffering right now!
Are we not going to talk about Michaels vocals? Damn
PLS UNREAL,,, blessed are we to be living in the same timeline of an angel
Hoping I dont get called to another school tomorrow a day off would be amazing
It's been a massive L
I'm totally lost with this project someone told me it was a movie but now I discover that it's a TV show
brah she broke that back confused
Going to bed soon. Got another long day of work. be on for about 30mins to an hour.
Man that song so hard
That username is taken. Try another.
so tired and stressed, I need a break from everythinggg
About to just go to sleep.
how ima sleep tonight
Me with my ex id be like oh nvm i want to now just to have her happy
yeah girl im boutta pass tf out
6.30am and the sun is already out
I bought a T-shirt and there is a hole in it. I never got to wear it!
I never seen him so handsome and manly and big and laud...OMG dying here Where is my
Finally going home
on God.... he sleep worse than I do.
I wait to me & my man can go & do everything together
He is so fine .... but that height is pushing it ... im worry about myself
yes!! she used to be a great eater but now so picky
but not friendly when it comes to females & I cant help it either...
Baby because I love u not lying
Back to work tomorrow! I only had 1 off day! but grind time! Christmas coming up.
most def time to gts
She loved it
said we were robbed
Man damn near gone call it a night tired aff
Ill catch you at the haunted houses next year
need to get my car fixed
I just find the acting so unbearable
mad he still ugly
I refuse to go somewhere else
throw him away at one likes sis. coffee sux but do NOT
My puppy finally opened his eyes wait to meet him
This baby making me fat
I need to buy some ones
My mom and I so close in age. We act like siblings
So where is my face deciding to get lil pimples on my lip and right eyebrow ?
Lmaooo I survive in a bank
do I wanna starve or do I wanna lose my parking spot?
Always wake up an hour before my alarm It's disgusting
Wait to leave town and fuck on someone
the uwus are too strong HELP
Haha what happened to me
november the last full month and i wait
St. Anthony, please help me find my Fitbit!
sno crabs too
My back is killing me
i was knocked tf outttt at reke house
. You Free To Mess With Someone Else i Wish These Feelings Could Melt Cause You Care About A Thing
My imaginary boyfriend
hate having leather seats. they either ice cold or burning hot
Most times they turn into something else
hello, dm me if going sa show champion i rlly wanna meet some of my mutuals ugh
Late but HAPPYYYY BIRTHDAY FRANC!!!!! sorry I here for your birthday I hope you had the time of your
all I want right now is some mac and cheese
She loved it
Fuck it im hiring somebody to come organize all my shit , its just to much shitttttt. I need a house !
Idc how mad I am at my love. I just can not do spiteful shit
just requested a dollar from my uncle gf on cash app and she sent me 20 God bless her soul
I need some head
Dawg since you up text my phone let me see if my shit tripping tripping..
This be me during Taraweeh prayers
mad late this song is fire
my friend really a bad bitch wow
My heart like i was just staring and really thinking to myself how much theyve changed and l was so
I get tired of people easily like get away !
Got J Prince Still Talkin 4 Drake Grown Men Speakin 4 Other Grown Men Is Crazy Mal Voice..
I love Houston but Miami was like a different life never be the same
True story. My building manager back in Beijing told me so.
i was already gonna go to sleep and my mom woke me up to come and walk she said anything to make this baby come out on time
Am I the only one that do shit because I like to get put in my place >
so terrified of looking dumb & rejected lol I could never but this is cute !
Fine assssss damn sis
ready get home
Of course
I wanted BS shenanigans...but we all really getting old niggas was knocked out.
my sarang, why you gotta be so rude
Nothing like falling in love with your best friend.
P.S I know why the video is cropped in mid clip.
both the kiddos sleep
Christard really gone forever my baby
I miss when Aaron was a baby
When my niece calls me: Tee Butta, can
I need a girl
hate it so much reasons why ion like being around people when im going through my emotions
ur gonna be the best mama i love the way u announced btw, i teared up
I swear
Lol truuuu. I had to learn all this when I got married & moved to the East Coast cause is hard out here
Lmfaoo fuckin same.
Wish my son could drive
I want some spicy tacos.
back into the dance life and i missed it so much
All jokes aside I really wish I could build a nigga like the perfect man for me
I hope all is well.
12 hours without my cat has been so hard
Just finished washing all the dishes
Two Halloween costume parties this year but wayyyy too many costumes to pick from send help!!!!
My voice has gotten progressively worse since I stopped singing in choir
you lucky my phone had juice inside
(90s kids know what I'm talking bout)
I miss summer. And only been cold for a minute. already really sad. I miss 95 degree days
Yesssss
hello po atesobrang ganda niyo po esp nong coronation night halaaa thank you hair and makeup by ms lei
how am i waking up thinking today is Fridayyyyy
i been having too much fun of late
Why is tomorrow Monday
Gave out love I never received back
Paid in full till I go to sleep
Thank god I have my Twitter account from 2011 anymore cause 8 years of tweeting has toooooo much history
my online shopping problem is so bad someone had to set a screen time for all my apps
NF- If you Sant love
SOFRO
I think time to come clean....
Joon biased but..
whipped for Jimin
so sweet to each other it literally kills me
Budgeting and saving really takes a lot of discipline! But I really want to live THAT lifestyle.
The real question here is WHY ARE YOU SO BEAUTIFUL
I slept so good right quick but it t enough
I finally get to see my man tomorrow and really happy about that
Same
Swea
Why am i just hearing about the so so def tour
about to go into work tomorrow in my hoodie. Got me changing my whole look now
Bitches kill me
Nigga Say Deezy CAP bitch You can Catch a CAP
i might have a 9:25 next semester and SICK
I MISS MY SQUAD
not even intentionally
So happy I sleep when that big boom went off
I wish this cold go away I feel so ugly and my body hurt and shit
You fault someone for some wild shit they said when they was 12 fucking 12 years old, give me a break
I want Mac & cheese
been wearing mine and never want to talk it off
Tough
my stomach aching
I just have so many questions
I got parents heated about this one but tryna see if i can keep it as a 2nd Job!
Back to Mobile tomorrow
Tell him to put his voice AWAY.
actually like really dramatic
This breeze out here feel so good
I DONT EVEN OPEN MY OWN DOOR
You know not coming out here!
College has really changed me, I went from not smoking at all to rollin up everyday
I need my hair cut BAD
I ask for nothing better My bd supports me in anything I do I love him
wait to sleep in my own bed tonight.
know where my name tag is
Cause you were not in my mentions
I have so much running around to do tomorrow let me go to bed
No one reads your articles and definitely not
My Lil Sister Really Finna Be 7 Why Is She Growing Up On Me Thats My Baby My Sis
Anthony skipped his nap today and is totally fine. I hope he come to his time with parting with his naps
Hopefully I will be able to say the same
im really on my feelings bruh goodnight
My Sex Drive
C'mon Tuck, c'mon baby we ain't all perfect but but somebody's gotta be
Fr
She really killed this
My birthday is the 10th be away but i went to the New York
Yall both thought lmaoo ian forget.
omg i want sonicc
there was no reason for that
i rm being in love w/ it as a kid and im abt to rewatch it seuss kinnie community here i come
My life is way too random for me. I even say what about to do right now
Definitely want a boil
right here baby, pls come shake me
I got 30 more minutes and I can go home and get in my bed
getting my back cracked right now would be everything
Shit fair
I am SO not ready for vacation to me over!
NF- If you want love
SOFRO
onzzz anyway lets go to this one? Its Freee admissionnn
Had a pretty decent weekend . Now time for some sleep
THIS GIF LMAO but just one of his playfully smirk grins
Agh, so glitchy and annoying!!
He an hour away
Ugh. Puppy ish sooooo horny right now. Puppy needs a cock in his maw.
Definitely want to take DJ to see this
My room is so messy how you know going through it
Need a follow in my life tbh
still up I be lonely every night no boo to talk to damn !
Finally got me some rotel brah
my body is so sore .. this weekend plus work tonight kicked my ass
Well we know it isn't food now. I like the thought of it being food...
I sleep, I miss my man, & I got work in the morning
With everything done on my to do list
I need my eyebrows done bad asf Ian have my shit done since August
Alexa, come cuddle with me
I should Finish Hair But idont want to fight w her
he sounded sick singing this, I know damn well he lost his voice often singing this hard
Ya quiero Red Dead Redemption 2!
I almost passed out at work today
Is it worth the watch? I wanna go
i got enough sleep this weekend but why do i feel so exhausted
oh really? how so baby
Damn so many beautiful, single bottom boys on Twitter wish I could multiply myself like that doctor strange and give u all this dick
They so fine I swear
Haha yeah people are stupid . I gamble my life like that
It makes me so sad to delete pictures even if backed up it hurts my soul
please do
Don't remind me
Am I trippen or is there pumpkins floating on her head
I need to get out of the valley for a bit
I want some donut holes
I have an exam in anatomy today please wish me luck
planning for my bestfriend bday in dallas its gonna be a wild one
LMFAO what saying
I got it finally
Lmaooo somebody need to put them on ! The only lil city that on yet. Cal city even up
that shit hurst
I really need to put this laundry away but I wanna get up
I better not contact unnie while I'm being sick then because I don't want to make you become worried
go
been craving seafood soooo much lately
so tired
Everyone needs to stop hyping me up hahaha but thank you !!!!
Bakit hindi nalang kayo ulit ha?bakiiiittttt?@fayefayevargas
just something about straight teeth and a cute smile
Growth is so uncomfortable alway fighting temptation
I need a back massage .
I just be so tired to do anything
Its been a week & im still on Hawaii time everybody dead sleeping & IM WIDE AWAKE
Ida and Even left so my mom started with the chores had me cleaning the outside stairs
Been running out of love for you baby
not, but licensed, and my Pastor has given me permission to do so
going to sleep but happy almost birthday to the album that means absolutely everything to me
They tryna get ppl real life pregnant out here
Ugh we need ppl to notice us
wait to get back the that
Never in all my days of fucking, has a nigga ever been this bold. lawd I see what you do for others and I
I had to turn my screen time off because I was ashamed at how much time I spend on my phone. I need specifics
Missing my baby already back to Vegas for a couple days
Need that girls body
need me a glass of water
w/ a lot of ice
We totes lost
sooo full of champagne thanks
I need a back massage asap
This man really be preaching and so real
I Sleep Without A Fan
LADIES! Can PLEASE start a bare face selfie thread under here!
i need to go back to NYC and find me a puerto rican and black papi just like
Oh u a freak Freak
Kanus-a pa man ko maanad oy. Roseth, this is already your reality
I Dome fucked up I think idk yet ...
Love this weather
Definitely not on your level but I'm trying
The haunting of hill house is nuts, almost done
chiiiill been worse
Thank you so much sister I love you
i really always do have car fever
I and Miss U Sasha So Much Illysm!
HE SUPA FINE
My charger in the car
The replies under this tweet are disappointing
y does my anxiety randomly act up when i got nothing to worry about
mad I even watched this I feel like I need to go brush my teeth
Me & Lucas had a date night in sooooo long
never ever hv i thought that i will avoid my lect bcause i wanna get psycho by her
I need a full body massage
picking my baby up thursday . missed her
I'm such a foodie
"content not available"
Havent had food from pueblo in a minute.
That Salmon I Made Was So Good
I dont understand how my boobs just swelled up to this magnitude . I cant take how heavy they feel, i wanna cry
I went from 155 to 119 and keep losing weight! I need that happy relationship weight back
I need a Kelly so bad
Ugh, breaks my heart for both of them Damn! Talented, amazing!
My social life is on 10
Why tf am I breaking out?
I dont have any contacts
Anxiety pleassseeee go away. I have the time to be dealing with you right now
Omg. I believe have to wait more than 12h before I can watch any of this looking forward to it though
Why I get lucky like these other girls and get a rich man?
already missing my lily
I know I really thought it was a girl lol but thanks
Need to figure out what color should I dye my hair
wait to have one
I am currently the left side
; Why my girlfriend have sex with me?
UGH OUR MINDS
ladies plssss let me know a good place to get my nails done,, i need them done before the weekend
young thug X worth it
are you kidding me? so messed up, why would they even put that on there
This online class is going to bring my gpa down, I just know it
Um that dress is still my DREAM DRESS (that I will never be able to afford) I love it so MUCH UGH
I done watched Halloween now I wanna watch the hate you give
I just pray I get a good score on this ACT this upcoming Saturday
i want my hair to be naturally curly again
My head hurt like crazy
got my basket, s/o to my boo
I want one but I want one
Whereeeeee plz tell me lol I can taste these hoes through my memory
My hairstylist saw me on snap yesterday and said for and now tempted to just gone and do it
Idk how I feel
Too bad they know how to act right
yo i want stuffed crust pizza right now
Idk what i want my baby to be for Halloween
can't wait for my internship with this compsny to end and quit as part timer and apply for new jobs!!!!
I need somebody in New Orleans who knows how to do microlinks
I almost shouted at my screen. Too. Damn. Soon.
anybody else do this and still don't reply?
i can hear this tweet!!!
When you nailed your wings, but time to remove your makeup for the day...
Look, I had a decent liquid
I decided to draft Paul Richardson instead of patty mahomes , I was so high on patty but my cousin was higher
Come give me some lovin', you handsome man
i never tried to warm up this zaxbys and eat it cause now i feel nauseous.
To finally be off tomorrow after a whole week
lonely
i need the military to authorize hand tattoos.
when hair does The Thing and a little piece falls in his face
is doing on tour and so exited to see it live bc that song is everything
I never lied, you knew that unnieya
My heel broke in this not the first time
tired of fuckin with these lame niggas, baby I just need a thug
Feels good to have that makeup off my face
QUIERO
I hate monday
I need my nails done
the worst everything suffers.. my ego my pride my back my gut everything
My wifi said it was "reestablishing a lost connection" and I thought "same"
i wish my dms dry asf.
Right
heart to heart talk pls
When you just want that one person
going to be up all night with homework
if you know you know shit slaps
Awe Bhaiya welcome to the family
been looking at pandora rings lately and I want someone to get me one so bad
sonmething just came over me & im in my feelings
I hate when I procrastinate and say do my homework after work, knowing not going to want to
Can I get a do-over ? I changed my mind i wanna grow up yet
just left yea .. and missing him like crazy
I wait to see Halloween Tuesday
so much
I wish I wish with all my heart
I miss the old you
mi chancla se they were my favorite
First picLove you
a whole order and tryna see why you need 3 hot and spicy
I help but sleep with the fan on .. be even more sick
I hate that I fall asleep right now
cheaper to watch the World Series in Boston
Discovered a new squat technique recently and even after all these years of all these squats, this new technique kicks my ass omg
8th grade me
Really wanna lay up & we still at the track
My 3 month old is wearing 6 months
I love him
why am I so weak
been pretty good man, just chasing after this degree how have you been???
Eat Me
Really need to shut my tv off so I can get my homework done but the tv is just so much more interesting
you're making me feel pathetic now
Priceless! Reminds me of my
Dizzy dizzy daughter too cute my new lil friend
I be feeling so bad spending all my man money
I will babysit for free... himmmm so handsome
I already live for this guy
anybody else do this and still don't reply?
Sometimes I get tired of trying . But it just in me to give up
is AMAZING!!! She don't play. I want to be her when I grow up.
yeah I made a horrible mistake and I'm sooo pissed
the Halloween Tune bitch .. flares my anxiety
wait til Thursday
Ugh I honestly LOVE my beautiful braids, but lets be honest they didnt even last a week i have to do better
Yasss! I finally found one
Jet lag As we land back home taking awhile for my body to rejoin me in its entirety. awful.
i wanna go to a pumpkin patch with my pumpkin
I still wanna go watch Halloween
Ignore the comment below, why this baby girl is crying like that! Stoop
I just got a fucken A on my chemistry test ... now for SURE a bad bitch
I'LL BE OUT FOR A FEW HOURS AGSGSHSGA
When You So Comfortable & It All Changes In The Blink Of An Eye. LITERALLY? The WORST.
Whew Chile. The warm feeling I got in my chest just from reading this
My aunt heard my knee was hurting & bought me short I can put on with my brace, I deserve her
Eu fraca demais thalita
She was rolln
HOW MUCH LONGER?!
I sleep & im lonely
Just wanna get out the shower go straight to my man bed and get my pussy ate like his last meal I miss it
THE ACCURACY
cause they be good but I was over exaggerating
It b sooo hard hiding restaurant food from your kids my son smells the food in my car he be like oh u had jerk
why I couldnt wake up in 30 more mins
you know true
Like wait are you real you are fucking beautiful
LAWD why you so young
I wanna try this so bad Never had crab before but it looks
welovegamingz: He is literally the worst kind of person. Damn you Terell you outhea wild and foul
I swear Marlon go to clubs and shit but I really gotta take him out he loved it, but he had work this morning
I would lose my shit hearing that in person, I hate smacking so much
hard af picking lingerie I see so much cute ass shit
I could NOT be more excited for my pizza right now and the dank vegan ranch I got from Whole Foods oh my GOODNESS GRACIOUS
I really say that for everything not feeling .
EU SOU A PESSOA MAIS TRISTE DESSE RIO POR TER IDO NO SHOWZINHO DA MINHA HOJE
ready to do Major things like my last retweet!
i knocked tf out as soon as i came home & just woke up
i just want someone to love. my future gf at? hmu please
YALL LOOK AT WHAT & did for Jr
this hoe LIVE
i feel digusted but still look at that
I wait either baby! One day real soon though!
It look like she shit out of her belly button
I actually loved block schedule. Can they just give underclassmen tests for the rest of the year? Thanks
Do I really even need sleep
lmao I barely tried it yesterday that flavor
sorry
I done let the old me creep back out so disappointed because I was doing so good.
Thank god over
This back pain is killing me
I always say when I get famous deleting twitter I used to be wild asf on this bitch
the worst ever
I want a son
nothing feels worse than when your knee locks
I Know Love
the summer moneybagg dropped reloaded was the most LIT summer
I need 3.47 fantasy points from Evan Engram tomorrow.
Grimes needs to hurry tf and release some new shit
fucking freezing
HHN?
Omg OT9 I'm sobbing.... I'm crying.... I miss hearing them together.... I'm gonna go be emotional over there
I cannot stop listening to Quandra Banks sing that song
Got it! Thanks
.@dhowE_ your niece makes me so hype to have babies I afford
living already!!!
Imagine hearing My Song and Disconnect in person
whew chyle the love
Still got an hour drive home
My TL is definitely a direct reflection of myself.. I be fucking w/ tweets
I wish i was laid up with baby i miss him already
Tonight my dad told me that my son has a piece of my grandpa in him. my grandpa was so excited to meet Jaev and
headache
Lmaooo lord thank you for never bringing a nigga like this in my life
I have no words.
I be feeling angry, sad, mad, frustrated ,emotional etc all at the same time
Leave me alone Dorian! I gotta take L's on the internet too
so pissed I just got home and these damn girls fucked up all my make up
My job is okay but the kids that keep me going . I love them so much they the only reason I go to work
Why did I wait until 8 pm to start my assignment that's due at midnight? I'm on page 4 and I'm not close to done yet.
That so so def concert look like it was lit. I know shit about it
pretty sure I have strep throat
they really ain't ready we playing some cursed Blazblue
Well up
why you showing in Michigan
I love Russ so much omg
No plans for halloweekend I need friends tbh
Oh, my heart aches
I get to rest at all this weekend
Life staring to be LIT FOR A BITCH
wait to get off tomorrow
said good luck or something; I wanna go to sleep!
Namjoon said crab lives matter He knew the oppression we face.
Ima wait until the swelling goes down. Buddy was heavy handed
Finish me pls.
loaded hopefully that shower bring me back. I got work at 5am finna go straight to sleep. Lol
FaceTime calls everynight would make ya ass fall in love
Just want this girl to answer so I can get some bud
wait to be done with any class that has me writing. Like fukkkkkkk writing papers man
I need a pair of red shoes, like yesterday
the worst!
bitches be trash
Still got some left taking a shot soon as I get in da house , I need it
how he squeezed Mickey so cute
i want someone to look at me & say "damn, that's mine." and just be so proud to have me
cold af!!!
You don't want to know what I would do to be in your bio
Been following a lot of online shops on instagram too tempting
I need one good day of rest and peacful settings
although this will be changing in the near future when a manager and needing to be work at 8
: really wish I had my old pics and videos dawg tried so hard to get em back but gone forever wish
I need this wire cut
& I back in our prime.
I fucking love elephants
I know right I miss I gotta come see fr been forever
4 more hours to go
so aggy but know the story
im so in love with this girl im having dreams about her family
Had 3 naps today and still tired
IDK anything cuter than this , don't you guys ever go back to convos and just have the feels
another cold night that I need you for
i really wanna cuddle rn. a whole mood.
i cant believe single for 23 yrs i mean i am too for 20 yrs but kim hanbin he deserves the goods
Man, I love you so much I pray that your happy
With they bad smart mouth asses
CANT BELIEVE YALL SAT UP HERE AND PLAYED WIT ASHANTI LIKE THAT TODAY SMH
literally wish you could help me with my skin
I feel this so much except the meeting Taylor part
I would definitely root for this kid! But something about Andy Reid
A blunt to end the night
Fr though Smh
Ready for Ava to come home I miss my baby!
I need clout
Twitter in use to buss.
Dah tua ni asyik appointment je I really need my planner
Mann they be having my shorty stationed everywhere we on the count up
I just need to find a pretty dark skin girl.
I wanna relationship like theirs
You ever get sick in adult life and start to miss your moms chicken corn soup...
I want a bond like Shawn and marlon
Great weekend but now tired asf
Lmaooo look
Now bouta go to bed i feel like crap
not a want a NEED
gonna make a Kingsman 3 omg Eggsy is the LOML
When The Pussy Good, hard to stay at odds with her
Work in the am & like ughhhh why meeeee lmao I hate studying sometimes man.. but I pray I ace this test
ion need a thug thooo
Watching fifty shades of grey i just love all of them
k..u rlly want my dogs to eat it right?
How to get away with murder is literally my favorite show
Someone go back with me
been keeping up with this and curious too
The pizza man want smoke Kobe all like better go head before he get
Twitter in used to buss.
i want to sleep because i know gonna be monday ugh i fucking hate
why not with nobody cause I wanna hurt nobody
They usually sleep by 10:30 at the latest and one still up currently fighting sleep
On the real though if I had this ass I would NOT act right, I would be breaking hearts not getting heartbroken
I want some ice cream
I wish someone was this crazy over me
My body so sore just laying here
ready to get in my bed
Update: I need another break already
Wait last year somebody tweet you and said want when you were talking bout having a son but
if god can give us mercy, why we give mercy on each other
LI TE RAL
never driving in the dark again
wow , and i have to be sick like this well idk what tf is wrong w/ me lol
I hate that works till 12
please be me !
i Wanna go to a haunted house but to cold for all that at same time
yooo this is the cutest shit ever
Chill I stutter sometimes whatchu tryna say about my moms
been eating nonstop all day. I finally had to brush my teeth so I would have some self control
This wood finna put me down , bout to get some gooood ass sleep
Laid down on my bed and decided that I feel like going out anywhere
been running around since 11 this morning beat
Sharon ass always getting me sick !
I need more hall
the gays are at it again
in the middle lol i
u be my plug aye, u could be the oneee
this bitch gone say freak her mild man!
I fr need to start wearing my retainers bro these hurt like a bitch
trynna carve pumpkins with my boo
& dancing with our hands tied
Fucking finally
My pussy looks so good in Deion mouth ugh I wait to get home
My boyfriend love me He cuddle me.
really? I've always wanted to try it. My cousin always goes there when he's out there.
There was just a spider in my shower and no one here to kill it
Waiting for a text from a guy is agony
lord just lay your hands on my grades & never let go of them
I even make the list, wow
Why did everyone told me like that??
I dream of taking pictures with elephants
really out here spending my whole day making my resume for urban outfitters not even close to being 18
not even nine and already ready to sleep
I hate when ppl come up to me and just assume i speak arabic... i always look so dumb
addicted & I need youuuu
I just saw that my cousin is eating her pizza with lemon, salt and crushed habaneros now I really want some
For real for real
truth!
back to the days when i wanted any show for the boys to watch but end up rewatching ikontact days
in suck a baby mode ugh he needs to hold me
Me too
I want to be casted for . I would let them slit my throat or let call me a bitch
Today is really not my day
Back message needed
It feels like I have bruises on my nails
Someone take me to Disneyland.
I wanna take another shower how feelin rn
And just like that the weekend is over
The haunting of hill house 10/10 recommend I will not be sleeping tonight
Remy ma is slaying the shit out of her pregnancy. Like damn. Pregnancy never looked so good.
realize how angry I look during soundcheck
Man simple shit like this makes me happy af
I need to stop being so antisocial and make at least one friend I can do fun things with
Thank you for this short clip, hinde ako maka watch wala kaming tfc
Me. some people.
Mi corazon thank you amor
just wanna be happy
PUMPKIN SPICE LATTE IS HERE AFTER HOW MANY YEARSSSSS
It arrived someone must have stolen it off my porch.
Congratulations!! precious
this richard arguement on next level shit
I miss my man so much
Oh honey
She needs a makeup traveling case on wheels... that shit stupid high
She just gonna have to buy that herself
wait to see you
I still have all my I would make when I was little
I thought I was the only one who thought about this
know how happy I am right now.. I found out where my other cat has been and I thought I would never see him again
i need female friends in my life group chats & a bestfr wtf
some top would smack rn
My mom always tryna take my daughter
Ok, really off this joint
I needa get off Twitter
I wanna make a sex tape but I cum too fast. Fuck around and make a "GIF"
My face breaking out cuz of that new fucking face cleaner i used should of just kept my old shit
i want buffalo chicken dip
just trying to cuddle
I miss Rocky Point man Trying to go back
My friend the only person who really check on me too
I want him so bad right now
21 more days until my 18th birthday and idk what I wanna do
I wanna squeeze them cheeks
Guuuurl! hard out here
Some people just hate to be alone
LMDKSKAKA im sorry legend i want one though and plan on it so hate me yet
waiting patiently!!! For the trip too the elephants !
talked to Bryce Bryce in like a week lol so cute hearing him say hi neek neek
I just need some love
Waking up and seeing all your embarrassing ass drunk snaps and texts is the worse feeling ever. been beating myself up all day
Been wanting ice cream
really about to go buy my black hair dye and do this shit
this defeat is annoying tho. didn't expect us to struggle w the nuggets
I get the chills when I talk to you
orange juice with pineapple is fire !!!
Im stressed lol seriously.. I need help
Spicy food trigger my acid reflux but i stop eating it
the fact that lotr fans does things to me
I need new winter clothes, some butter gloss, a new comforter set, & a new series to read
posting receipts from MediaTakeOut
oct 28 me please
A cop just started walking towards me my heart dropped
We all gotta link up and bring the team back to life It over till me and Ven put somebody on they face again
She is 33?!
Girl yes big assbaby lmao
Candice Patton and Grant Gustin
When you see that Shameless is done until January.
LMAOOO fuck my sister, you got me pop
So close to 300 man
So tired but I sleep because so nervous
It's a smart business decision. You need money to keep making games. Ugh such a silly topic Worry about more important things!
my baby always doing this my hype man
My body be aching so bad boe
Doug Fir? God I love and miss PDX
I might be late but FashionNova has Halloween costumes and they are
POPPIN
Nigga cause u been in jail give Lex a daughter when u get out
trying to watch riverdale and it loading up
Wait some French fries from with honey mustard & a side of buffalo sauce would hit rn
Wtf is this????
I really sleep for more then a two hours at a time annoying
I might just find my husband at the gym bc these mfs be looking good sometimes
We need back! what a legend
We low key feel grown but we trying to get lit we are 19 & 22
I had my soul sucked out my dick since ... since.. damn I cant remember.
I really dread waking up tomorrow at 6am to go to class in 25 degree weather
i only have twitter, snap, lumosity & netflix on my phone but got 32 gb
Note to self : eat anything with spinach
HES SO CUTE HES A DILF
really having a tough time with this.
bless the random lady who gave my bf and I free tickets to the state fair today
cant wait
I hope this week goes by quick
To all my new fellow who have followed me, thanks! I am struggling with Twitter limits. Been
Shane Jake Paul series I did not know that was something that I needed.
Took me a while to get here but i made it
How did you like Arizona? Many people here like the heat
i wish my baby knew that 1 AM the time daytime starts
Kori finally asleep
October be so real to me It open my eyes up
Really hate sharing a bathroom with people lol why I want a 2 bed 2 bath my husband gone have his own bathroom and my kids
Oh my godddd I wish I wasn't SO bipolar towards my body it drives me insane
My eyes hurt are so heavy from
so sore it hurts when I sneeze
IT REALLY DID HONESTLY shes like "its not as bad as everyone says!!" and trying to get me to watch it
no fr! really cold as fuck
All my friends bad asf I make this up
Honestly rude that The Haunting of Hill House was only 10 episodes. So good
been such a long day. I need therapy after dealing with the people in my life
I need a baecation so bad
Smh.. I know the pressure
i love u
please do a thread of all your imagines and thirst tweets I would loveeeee
girl if i hollered and followed you would you follow me i'm talking all over all of you every part of me
Need this hair on the left
I need a baecation so bad
I already got an idea of the tattoo ima get once my niece is born , so excited 4 more months til born
Almost Monday goodnight my lovely hooligans and luv chus hi Bruno, hope you are resting and
4 years since you were and Happy 26th birthday I love you brother
My life would be complete
13. Shownu sneezing
thought it was next week
I needa stop eating all together . but food es so good
My son literally takes just about all my energy
I know. What ever will I do with my life
really gone miss my baby man
Finally in my bed
I just had the most terrifying hand cramp. My hand completely went numb and I couldn't move My fingers.
that pot pie was a fucking HIT
I just wanna go back to sleeeeep.
I don't wanna say i still love you
I kno but time went by so slow work , got there in the Morning and when I left the sun was already gone
Bored AF
i aint like your other nigga. my love 100 main reason you dub a
I wish
Y is Clarence so fine
Now I feel like about to get sick eyes burning, throat scratchy, chills... this weather change got me!
My man, my parents and even my best friend be taking such good care of me really blessed
The people who do the worst shit are living their best lives right now worry. coming for that ass.
not ready
I just want my real hair back healthy
I really want to eat thai boat noodles
HAHAHAHA yes and yes. whatever circumstances may apply
Lawddd I can only imagine
I miss living with you and all our adventures
I hate having cheat days because I always feel so guilty! I really hate eating bad
after i eat this fish plate, im going to BED
I thought I was the ONLY one
Cran-Grape
man who you telling
Another one
when am I ever gon get over this shit
Sheesh, really balling tears rn over my niece like how can I leave w/o her
Tell me have you ever been in a situation where the best thing you could do was the hardest thing ever done
Really wish I would have did a video on this hair
I wish I could just go into labor tomorrow , I feel like all this walking is helping
I deserve my babe, she's soo perfect
always something
129 calories away from my daily goal. Thanks for closing at 3pm and kicking me out.
Never ever did I think have the chance to post this, but 50 lbs can really make a difference
Alright the jokes over when are and gonna get back together
love bomb is such a good song
I just want one thing
After watching the last episode of I had to start watching Greenleaf again
When Michael sings it to in Valentine
Today was my last Buddhist meeting with my Boston district. They celebrated me with a lovely lunch
All of my pillows smell like him omg
i made a care package in so long hope it turns out cute
I wanna go back to school but then again I
have a bun next year for homecoming. never wear plaits or bundles for homecoming again, it b too damn hot!
what Friday are we getting the DLID playlist? killing me
Need a body massage
Someone come and take my phone. Idky listening to this playlist, but here I am
I need to take a trip to Houston
This boy work day n night to come up on his rapping shit and ima be right her with him
I hate super matchy outfits where the shoes match the shirt
My intuition never lies to me I be knowing exactly wtf going on
I just read an article that upcoming concert only sold 24 tickets that sucks.... but she been
I love it tho , I hope it stays like tht all week , I wait to get my hair pressed !!
Sleeping under this nigga feel so good
I can't really move without my ribs hurting
THIS CANNOT BE THE END I need more Jayin and Maddix!! And that ending! CLIFFHANGER! UGHH
Why am I still up
Back to the 6 day grind
Need somebody to talk otp with til i fall asleep
Pretending Keep It Witme
Sounds so lovely
Just randomly thought about Sharp Objects and omg son what a good ass show
If my recent photo shoot has taught me anything, it's that I need to get back into shape
Ooh lord
I want to finish my paper but my book is in my car
Thank you
my current faveeeee
One more month.. seems so fckn far away !!
Why he so fine I'm mad asf he won't respond to me tho
are so rude to people & get offended when people clap back, why? You be a gangster & a victim
I miss the old
your EP has been on repeat since It dropped
Got to go to my brother gravesite tomorrow. just scared it makes it too real
i need this
This whole EP
is so underrated.
Man Ciara was my girl back then loved her.
I feel proud on so many levels
the whole nct china stuff regarding who are the members and all of that
This is still the sexiest shit
Kai had a goth phase
I need to be in someone nail shop like now imma wait till next week though.
my weekend has been so busy and now i can officially say im broke but was worth it. my baby is married
Mannnnnn was it bad?
I have an essay to finish writing and almost 12:00 am I need some motivation mono is coming out soon
better than this
Still miss my apartment in Baltimore. I just checked & still about the same rent as I was paying 7 years ago
Someone needs to come and take my phone from me. Idky listening to this playlist, but here I am.
Really Cold In My Room Maan
God has sent me a message to stick with one nigga
Not the notes app
Gotta go to Columbia county fair so I can get some more fried Oreos
tired all the time & i be so ready to give up
Why do weekends have to go by so fast
I .. CANNOT .. WAITTTTT
ughh I feel like starting to get sick. not looking forward to this week
It was so cold I hate the cold
it really is gonna end up like that, with a huge malfunction
Idk what to do ... my wisdom teeth comin in and this the worst pain .. Dentist is booked
Fucked round and left my plate for work
Niggas only act right for 3 months
Dear and can y'all go back to dressing like fuckboi's again please and thank you.
Security let us into the NYC show
Awake, posting photos of my dog when I have to be up in an hour.
I think your being a little to loud
is this song gonna make me cry, noella? bE HONEST
ask what I was looking at in the first picture but damn...... i really got a gut muffin top fupa
Everybody leave Brother Nature alone
Yeah I love skz but I need sleep sorry my dudes
I mean every last word. Even more upsetting cause I went there once I found out New Orleans Cajun was closed
Felt that on a whole another level
These past few days have been exhausting
Yoooooooo, why is he so fine
oxtails, red beans and rice, cabbage about to eat so mf good!
Right Leah!
Dis shit was so smooth I cant believe its not butter
every time I get my heart broken I glo up a lil more so trynna help me reach my full potential
When you can finally open a Snapchat without really opening it los que antes saben lo que digo
Oomf fell asleep and now I fall asleep.
O M G I frfr almost started crying
you petty as hell for liking that video not two days later tho
I gotta stop being such an introvert, sweater weather I wanna get cute and go somewhere... I got clothes
cold asf outside
LO ACABO DE VER!!, Me hubieras mandado whats
I cant believe I have to bring this video back but I stand people not knowing the truth A FLAT
Her daddy goin go brokeI be like baby we have to get her this this n this,he be like Ight just order it
so damn bored anybody want to text?
enfin ma twin
At least they are designer
How can so many ppl be mad at ONE person clown shit.
I was too tired to open my wine wrapped up like a burrito under my fleece
Madre's birthday is Tuesday what am I going to do for her?!
jackson SAY THAT AGAIN
HELLO!!! And to top it off ya beauty is in the eye of the beholder but this boy is def at the bottom of the bunch
My poor husband got a fever
If I get left on read, or delievered but I see you on everything else, i need to take the hint
lol not give them the eye
I really wanna strive to find army wives that are like friends here in fort Bragg like she did in fort Campbell help
All this romantic stuff mbn
I WANT TO VISIT KOREA SO BAD
Monday Monday Monday
Me and my bestie just chopped it up for a whole 30 mins I miss that boy man .
Aww man. I had an emergency c-section after 16 hours & was so sad about it but this image here... let me just be grateful!
This cold weather give me the best sleep bro
i love a man who smells good, what kinda cologne be
Gah, I was hoping for anything BUT August! Looks like round 2 of EhCon fomo for me
uwaa sedihnya..! Nunpat Imago last operation this month. possibly Caffe Bene at Imago will close down too..
time I really take a break from smoking. I need a month detox
need a new avi
So pretty damn
And not sure if a good thing or a bad thing. Kinda gives me anxiety
Can my nails just grow back already?
I might not have been a good wrestler but damn that shit was fun and it right now
Student financing is freakin' stressful, man. Where's "student grants" when ya need 'em.
I just watched that
i hate when late and im listening to music and the lyrics start to hit me... hard
This drive to Orlando
Ri Ri why you so fine
''Daring Greatly by Brown
Gathered me this weekend !
The spirit moved & spoke !
Thank you Amanda
If I dress up as Roxanne from A Goofy movie gonna be my Max? Real quick cus I love Halloween
I was supposed to wash my hair
Fruit has a special place in my heart
Girl yes Ooo & being pregnant at the same time too! All you wanna do is nap but u
I think being a little to loud
5 days a week my body be so tired
Mami stretching those shorts sexy latina women on
If it was for me eat Starwberries all day , everyday
get pictures of the other but they look beautiful Nyla, Destinic & others got
You need to stop
My neighbors are currently blasting aventuras throwbacks and my heart is singing along diosssss mio
i just woke up from my nap
sore throat
I hope my son got lay eyes lol lord do that one thing for me
This was the first time I smoked, I know how to inhale so I lied about being high and wasted his weed
Aw I was just thinking about how I was wishing I was hanging out with you guys
Cool kicks
Not too busy tho
I know! You called I was in here sleep
why do I always leave mh hw last minute
when famous, pull up a single thing on me I know good in Twitter hood
Mac and cheese got my stomach hurting
My baby boy broke his arm and is still doing cartwheels and flips
might go home tonight sick af
I loved everything about tonight got high and fed
Oh hey zaddddy too bad she have Twitter
Them: h-
Me:
\
( (>
_/ \_
Need some lit females that like to throw ass to go to with My round like Bukanas..
I swear twitter be giving you baby fever oc
Life sucks because people suck you are life you create reality
Lol omgggg throw backkk imyyy sissy Pooh
Im upset i think he should come back and bring people too
Lord I want some crab legs right now
I literally cried when I saw Halloween. I hate scary movies
Imagine fucking with a thot for a year and she starts fucking with a dude name Jamie.
I should have I really should have! I was pissed. I had my stuff done prior to emailing them and
My foot hurts sooo badly
Bruh, why we fw her soooo hard
nick breed!???? what yo
moments like this I be wanting my brother so bad miss my talks with him
This vacation was everything I need and more. I wanna go back to NY cold
I know how to feel about this
Have an insane craving for some of spicy pasta
I loved megg.
niggas be so cute but so corny
I wish it was a burger street out here or hot shots.
i really want an iced coffee rn idk why
Pull up bro shits good af
i wanna curl my hair but 10 til 9 and i have so much hair maybe tomorrow
love the northeast
just framed namjoon
just said wlea
this song is so fucking good
True, it just looks like a fashion show. Like why niggas fully dressed on Monday at 9am
I'm weak can't wait
I wish I could talk to her all night
mad just now seeing this he had a good nap when I left the house
3rd shift is for the birds
Wait CP3 and wives threw the hands too?
I wish
3 meetings on 3 different days out of the week this week
Procrasting
ready to be the best girl friend to someone
I been sleep on and off all day
These past 3 days of Fall Break were a tease. Now to set my alarm clock
I. Want. A. Baby.
I really want a slush
me talking about my mcm shorter than me
Wish this lil girl would go to sleep!
Hate it when im havin back pain fml
For a few months now
Whyyyyyy do I fall in love with women in California
Mannnnnn this nigga stay passing out on me up bored and 100% sure he snoring.
I was added into like 6 list why am I just know finding out omg thank you to those who added me into their list
i want to start going to concerts
So glad this my last English semester hate English
girls need love by Summer Walker is a fucking mood bruh
My tooth got a abscess on it so ready for the morning fasho getting it pulled
I have such a busy week coming up
fuckin h***y as shit why my bf 3 states away I just wanna be sm*shed
I need to go see the new Halloween movie
I loved it for running though
I wanna hunch so bad ... but ain fw nobody on that level right now shit
Waves on swim
Vro down af to join your orgy! Finally!
Meal prepping is time consuming
I rather get high instead of getting drunk
Leave him alone
I really miss being a girlfriend
what about chicago
pleaseeee!
tempted to sleep with socks on
Love Baby & a Dog?? sounds like getting married next year
only ate a burger today & starting to pay for it now.
Even tho we lost MY BOYS
people only say this to me when they want a discount at my job
YES, it makes me wanna holler (in my Marvin Gaye voice)
I could probably cry rn but no sucka. My daaaaayyy
Can't wait to see tomorrow. It's been forever
I stop watching queen of the south
Yellow is my new favorite color fr
OMG MY FAVS ACTING TOGETHER PLZ BE TRUE
Lana Condor And Benedict Samuel Join Cast Of Sci-Fi Thriller
My birthday dress better fit man
an album from Rihanna is way past due
My been so much better since doing this
As a fan you took the words out of my mouth. This is pure perfection.
nONE OF MY FRIENDS COMMIT TO IT WHEN I WANNA GO
literally crazy about and still never been able to see him in person. And in NC
Omg I want them lemon slices of cake from Walmart
trying to protect my heart, but making it so hard
going to sleep high & full af
Not sure how Guna manage through work today roughhhhh
Home boy GOING places
I been cooking for hours ...,these turkey wings gone be so tender
I want to play fear pong
understand how much I live tacos
wow my child will be 6 month old next week like slow down son
I-I just wanna be stress free ya feel?
Me ! I always keep everything bottled up
if this aint me i ended up eating some grapes i guess i was just bored last night
trying my best not to eat food after 9:00 but so hard
Pishang la ticket burn the stage sold out
obsessed and threatened as usual in rehab take a break
so tired & my body hurt ! I work so hard I forgot what relaxing is . a must I go get me a full body
not even 9 and falling asleep whyyy
I even watch a full episode of Martin before I turned it off and rolled over.
Think finna put sold out on those photo necklaces I literally been doing them since this morning filling
I thought I was the only one scary.
i hate going on facebook because my whole dad's side of the family supports trump and always reposts things about him
Ugh his smile his laugh his eyes
Bruh Chilly Af
// your son is ADORABLE, so pretty
Need a bubble tea
I need more tattoos
I need a scammer to spoil my ass
Applications open
My Ronin-S needs to come in already! been a month that I ordered it from
I been studying all day
understand how much I love tacos
While in academy my responses to texts a all time low
Today has gotten more slower than yesterday but just wait til tomorrow.
MISERY MONDAY.
so bored
LMAO heyyyy talk about tally like that
I wish my man was eating my pussy
due the 2nd to last day of Pisces season lol, hopefully it comes late so it can be an Aries. prayingggg lol
around a lot of creative people inspiring happy to know so many talented people. I love them all.
please minimise the maximum ticket to purchase to prevent scalpers please
play with me
This weather is what been waiting on all year
I deserve to see the world
Whyyyyyyy is the weekend over.
I'm just this random nctzen at the corner, sulking, because I'm an android user.
I seriously just love rakaylah with everything I have in me guys YALL HAVE NO IDEA
gahhh!! why must distance, money, and school separate us so
tufff !
We definitely need to go.
Gates verse on Ice On My Baby >>
I get over her I love her so much
decide what machine I want!
wrong for getting attached the way i did
If you find them send them my way pls
Amazing how many people who post the hashtag "vaccines work" never even heard of VAERS
My man really let me take a nap at all today so sleepy sheesh
Everything, so good
She really act like a child though
Fammmooo you need it, cannot call yourself African with those thin ass Caucasian blankets
I would love to go see Travis Scott on November 30th, buttttttttttttttt nobody is up for it
one hurt
Niggaas with kids always in my DMs. not ready to be step mama not again
That Arent envious
I miss jaebeom so much I want to give him the biggest hug ever like omg
Sleepy gotta be up early tomorrow
When you can literally pinpoint where the headache is
It take this long to find a movie to watch
Someone go watch Halloween w me
Worked from 10am to 10pm... exhausted
Why everybody outside so late on campus
My room has like 5 fucking windows and the coldest room in the house
i get home my mother done cooked everything lamb chops , steamed shrimp , crab legs , greens , string beans ,
remind me
It feels so cool outside ugh I nutted on myself
wait to get my first boyfriend
I want these
"Soon" in YG's calendar means 44years later wbk
Girl what are you talking abouttttt! My makeup is always just bronzer on my crease and liner and
I have to cook rolls or cornbread with any meal
Wtf he gone do with whip cream and a cat
Eat class eat class eat class Study Study Study
I fcking miss ur scent.
I need a whole body massage from my feet to my head
Gusto ko ng cookies and cream na graham cake huhuhu
Right
That last sentence sis r u trying to kill me, let's go with him being kidnapped pls
I made sure I have a wig on so my phone will unlock when at home and ugly
I MISS YOU EVEN THO IVE NEVER SEEN YOU LIVE
I miss you
You should come to Puerto Rico
Wa ta shi wa
i really miss my girlfriend
My wifi whack it wont load
I forgot I put my WiFi bill on auto draft I was about to go AWF
YOU ARE THE CUTEST
I wish I could go to one of your shows
Please keep somethings to yourselves.
My toxic trait
Can you please make a song named (Rrrr)
I been drunk since Thursday, Doing dumb shit all weekend
That meant I was supposed to do all my Halloween stuff this past weekend
He need his damn hair washed
I want my old thang back
Motor city was good today. still full
Imagine your starting center photoshopping his forearms?? KNICKSTAPE
Seriously, I will call ya fake ass out when I realize
Riverdale, Dynasty, Elite, all just too good
my baby
I hate not being able to use my laptop, this been so much easier!
Why see my tweets? Security let us in at NYC
so fucking hard and horny
My man does this all the time
2 hours!!! even remember the last time I was on the phone with someone that long. My voice hurts
day 3/6 im so fucking tired alr
wait to be part of a dual income household
Egh hungry and I dk what to eat man
The village had a wild 2018
My next door kid runs around so hard it sounds like the person above me
Damn these nurses pissed at slice factory they literally delivered nothing when 5 different nurses ordered food. Gave them an empty bag
I miss you!! But you were so good last night, always so blown away
is the of the nfl. Embarrassed my bengals
When said baptize him in my pussy and he said I was a blessing. Whatttttttt
Idk what popcaan is saying in Foreign but I love it
bored as hell
finally dropping STTSIII 11/9
I miss you so much
Im literally crying. so sad why her
I miss my baby girls get their nails done every two weeks like I would hand wash/clean my car every two
When my mind mix over jungsis's voices and that fvkin raps omg...
my ear is so sore
If Armys stanned Got7, Twice be feeding them and their whole company but I digress
Dam this is what I get for leaving it for the last day each assignment has 21 steps. Rip
why is it so hard planning trips ?
I had so much fun this weekend
I saw the cutest baby bear onesie and holy fuck
we love a goodnight text
LOL if only I could get the tickets to LA and I could get the tickets on us
Waking up for work
loving this air fryer
B I G M O O D
My son can crawl, walk, climb up stairs... he just turned 10months yesterday
All my friends cute
Last Day In Mexico
Trying to find ways to prioritize
A coding project for college
Damn the one time my friends got into a brawl at Exit and I there with them fighting a bunch of white
I love you
I NEED TO CUM
Man that 1st picture ALWAYS take me out
bebe cade att
Show my mom a picture she get to swiping right . Girrla chill better you see sum
really venting to me in my dms rn & beautiful
so Cold in here .
I even move and i need to put my sheets on my bed
the 95's are messing wd me
Tomorrow is my day off from the gym
I used to hate coffee..
Now starting to love it
abt to crasssh
, wait to go to the doctors tomorrow to see wrong with me , I really feel like shit
Lmao i know
nah lmao why am I like this Ugh I miss my old twitter page
She is very gorgeous to meeee!
Idk what I ate but my stomach most definitely agree with it
Kai is so difficult for me to draaawwwwwwww I'm so sorry for making him look baaaad ; ;
No but for real. I really want to. I want to see how much better I would feel. Bread is just so freaking good though
when will my sister back to singapore to visit my aunt again so she can buy me bakkwa and send it to me
At the end of the day youre just a weird bitch with a spam ps BOMB bitch!
Nobody tries me and piss me off more then you but nobody else makes me feel like you
i wait to have some kids
really tryna keep my distance from everyone until I get back to my old self.
Late nights all I think about is my future
Aww thank you so much i just love him too much ig
I have to be up at 5:30am... yay me
The fox show The Wise Guys is a non-stop pity party. So sickening to watch them pretend to be the victims. Not
Idk what it is but closer to the time It gets for Kalani to get here. They more I want a baby of my own Annie
Sounds about right
On my slow jams tonight
Yessssss
I wish I could stay up and watch more
I know whether to be sad or to rejoice?
Is it giving up or letting go?
On God! Me currently
im like hey wassup hello
seen you pretty ass soon as u
came thru the door
This almost made me cry, the CUTEST thing everrrrrr!
the things I change are the reasons you love me.
I hate being uncontrollably sad.
Sorry it means suck my dick
GIVE YOU A TASTE OF YOUR OWN MEDICINE
tired of fucking with these lames niggas, baby I just need a thug
Sister date lmao in color order Lmaoo brown to yellow
I have it yet and no shipping dates
My life is so boring someone come fuck it up
always cold
My mom made beef strips & rice , Mac n cheese, homemade mash potato and string beans
Better be about me, girly
Monday already
Its $60 at the door though i think
All I do is stay home, sleep, cook and study I only go out to go to work
I want some Taco Bell
what did i get my self into
Kind of sad. But progressing good getting more into it kind of messed up a lil once but not huge
Sis said she wanna fuck Donald Trump cuz her pussy kill niggas
Idk what it is but the closer to the time It gets for Kalani to get here. The more I want a baby of my own
when you get to touch b/c your the BESTFrannnn ... Lawd girl
And to top it off I was on the phone with my baby n he heard everything. He even said at the fact I broke it
But...why?
i miss you
i wish this on my worst enemy to, this is the worst kind of pain niggas really be caring!
get you out of mind ily mi rey
yes ima be ready
Both of my bugs sleep just up
all I want
With how cold already getting in the fall, definitely not gonna make it this winter.
This 2 hour nap was good but not what I needed my upper back still fucken hurtsss
i wanna be in love to the point where it never fades
I need to give me an album
Is how we cooking this hour
know I do But since her doing it this ONE time
.
Happy born
My favorite thing is my uncle in the shower singing ntltc ugh her influence
My back is killing me
i have no motivation whatsoever for this essay rn.
Country either makes me want to fall in love or go through a heart break
Freestyle Battles uplift my mood every time
god is showing me how far i can go if i put in the work
I need that happy weight back niggas use to be like must got a nigga cause yo ass FAT damn right he
Ugh
Drinking slimming tea all week to get ready for this wedding
finna wash my hair
nada open rn
i luv it when u call me that
The worst yo
me asf
So it might have a more raw sound
No one ever wants to talk to me
I love watching crime shows!
Resched daw sabi ni tito edwin
Feeling extra bobo today ahuhu keep up self
Someone come get and like NOW. Please.
can mom twitter please give me some advice and tips on breastfeeding please!!!
I really want to breastfeed my
i have to work alllllll this week not off til sunday but text you sometime this week and you can come by!
all of nine percent rly out here looking like snacks
I love your header just livin his best life
Time needs to go extra fast these next 3 days!! I'm tryna be in Mammoth already
Then me wondering how to pay my phone bill next month
I CANT FUCKING WAIT
so fucking sad rn my brother rlly going to jail tomorrow
One of my fave gaming experiences! Hoping number 3 is on the way
I was thinking about doing a cover of this song on YouTube
Bitch tough when he leave near you
cold
Nice healthy hair
My life was so much better when i still lived at home with my grandparents yo ion never have money to spend on my self
Shower felt so good
an apple user but broke and I buy their songs
I be wanting to know stuff even if it hurts my feelings
Getting too chilly to leave bed
a sucker
i just pulled up to the crib meet me half way
I fr hate driving after this road trip
soooo stressed
Hm noted! Tak sempat do tappp tiba2 mati je
Jgh, ang inet!
Taurus moon & my 7th house
I bought Islah a fye ass jacket but going to be 61 degrees tomorrow
Jerking off rn
This weekend was everything
in the mood for food
such a cry baby when I have to leave my boyfriends
i developed my first roll of film and i didnt ruin it
30 mins a night with a heating pad has been my life saver
Her voice on stop it boy and just be my
Bro my empath ways are really a blessing and a curse
bitch you already do
plz say gonna sing ruin the emotion in that song is amazing when you perform it live
It sucks how I meet new friends once they are seniors and about the graduate...
MY SWEET
This Headache Whooping My Ass.
I need more. This enough
i just want to chill in your car, smoke a blunt and talk
you got me dying of a broken heart Grams
i need to work on my anger
believe be 21 in a couple days
I want a tattoo behind my ear so bad , but idk if be able to have it with my career
Nights like this I want my hair played in and getting my ass rubbed on
I forgot how hard it was to find good hair and a good price
cute naman ni donny
Deadass I know gonna print out some applications
Ughhhh I wish I could go when he comes to San Antonio but I got no one to go with
i think im getting strep throat and im really sad about it bc i cant sing along to shawns album with out coughing
Just shoot me the baby shower invites and have a reason to come to Florida again seriously the cutest thing
I just want some head
Atleast gotta call for Demaryius Thomas
I love these animals so much
Omg what been thinking for tha past few months
Now I'm getting emotional help
been missin the shit outta this nigga out the cut like ...
Stop going to be my favorite
My voice is gone. I Iost my license, cards, and i have now thrown up a total four times
pimps all over my face.
Wth was he may 2017
I gotta get back to Suffolk. I have nooo clothes for this weather
I miss my man already
tired tired. Been drinking since 2pm.
Love a thick bitch
Saw your ECCIE ad for visiting Buffalo too late. Hope eventually swing by again.
the desi & katy x dose of colors palette is so beautiful like i still touched it
im so sad cus my brother and dad r gonna go camping for a week in new mexico and i cant go bc i work
What you getting into baby who you screwing ?!
Can it be Tuesday already
Baby said "why TF you got that on your neck" i totally forgot this
Why am I craving chappies I wanna chew it for a few then swallow it.
I know!!! I miss you best fraaaaaaand and idk bitch .. so bad at this
30 is a great fucking age
Tragic kpoppies resort to promoting mediocrity under tweets that have nothing to do them
Everybody laid up sexing
I was supposed to get yours
Stg the only time they not annoying
Your mad petty
Ugh this stomach pain is ridiculous
I got a 101% on my last orgo exam, so now I have high expectations for my one tomorrow... but there are so. Many. Mechanisms
I cant believe you made this and look so good
wish I went to church today, been in so long
been away from Beloit 1 Month and 6 days I miss it . I just really miss my family
I just be imagining myself at the gym
I been in Twitter in years
Can you get colon to notice me please yeah give me like 2-5 business days tho
i swear !
This about creative af
When that 2nd cup get you through your night class But fucks up your nights sleep
I ate dinner twice and still hungry
Happy 23rd bday to the most amazing person I know the love of my life and the literally PAIN IN MY ASS lmaoo
This boy really says 3 times a day smh
If I can go back in time & unmeet a couple of ya I really would
I wish I had some mannnnnnn somebody be nice
I can't believe I actually like someone
I wanna go to the movies
fithoneys: FINALLY!!!! SOME ABS READY FOR DI ROAD!!!! . . been...
this is so depressing
I wanted to go to your Houston concert but mom wouldn't budge can u score me some tickets for me and my sis in Houston
I feel like women does stink look ya for men that even close to yours...
Saw them go b2b at defqon . Def top 3 sets of the weekend
Sexually confused transformers
Thankful to have a sister in finance, cause... I be havin madd questions.
There's no other reason then.
Just wish I could be in his arms every night like before
Want q ng churros sheeet
I jus wanna ball at the collegiate level
I love twitter man
im going bed cause I take these mood swings today
Really has been tbh
Love how everyone just started switching to a mono layout as soon as the track list from Namjoon was posted minds
I been on Twitter in years
ive never been to a pumpkin patch
Really loving this weather
Just want my car , it all
I just be like know I know yup yea you everybody meet mr me idk why but it always happens
homecomings here got nothing on the A
Wish I had the patience to flat iron my hair
really wanna go see night school, just not by myself
I wait to get home and sleep in my bed
I told my aunt the sun was in my eyes but here is some pics of me and at the pumpkin patch with my
When I tell my bf I just got a pedicure lord he sucking all my toes
Why is it so hard to find Harrie mutuals who don't shit on others boys anyways applied for a few mutuals hope they work out
I am really getting everything I want on my hand and its only up to me how to use it responsibly and effectively
I take it
Nothin like the fear hittin u so bad this early on a Monday
really bad at responding to messages but I promise I want to be your friend
That must be a Walmart in Gotham or Raccoon City cause the around my way are worthless.
I wish I was there
this the real question.
phone be so dry
come to the conclusion that my husband be at Trailrides on Saturday nights & I wait to meet him a fuckin cowboy. Yes!
Omg I need to get back to normal! lets take a class or something
amazing
Cartoons the same these days
Happily awaiting for my brother bring home Dinuba tacos, me n and uncle home cooked meals.
I want this washer to finish so I can throw these clothes in the dryer and sleep finally
same it just seems amazing tbh
When she doesn't recognize ur memes
I hope we both figure something out
getting a reiki treatment on nov. 23rd so excited
It sucks how I meet new friends once they are seniors
Walk with Elias
istg.. she snapped on that song lol
idk how
If this me
I legit 100% hear someone crying outside my window. No today llorona
Okay but how tf is it even ok to look this good while just
What I do
wide awake like I have to be up early asf
trynna see these features has on Hood Favorite
Me and we're best friends in our past life. my soul sista
Hopefully court goes as planned
Damn bought those Kevin Hart tickets
Lmao u know what... bye
brother nature is still very cool to me
\
( (>
_/ \_
EXTREMELY annoyed to announce that working out, did, in fact, help. UGH.
iM SO PROUD OF MY GIRL JENNIE
i'm dying to hear taeil's voice i can't wait to go home
I will play the hell out of a song restart it before the verse drop like ready yet!
I was gonna tweet that
happy bday bridge!! miss you and madame tons
This weekend went by way to fast.
I literally eat Potatoes at least Once Everyday
I get over how adorable she is girl
Oh gosh crying in the club... my parents are so cute
Cheeeeeeese and breeaad
I should be sleep
Exactly
just so ready for my son to be here i know my life is going to be complete
My whole body just hurts
Imma be so fucking sore these next few days
really get myself to study
Whose dick do I gotta suck to get my dick sucked?
Canela and her deer friends after reading that tweet
The eye poke and a good took me out
got in the car with my boo and the first song he plays is by and that's when I knew he was a keeper
Just something about her that makes me want to go balls deep inside her pussy
no seriously though
still hope for the Ball For Me video??? nobody gonna be checking for that in 2019
This nigga skin so perfect I can stare at him all day lbs
i wanted pandas, got it. and now i want it.
Yes... a curse
I forget
That was me last night! Why did no one warn me about the tailbone pain?!
I forgot how much they protest at sleeping in their cribs in the beginning
this is what i mean when i say i want glow in the dark nails
so hungry I wish someone would go get food w me
two weeks until i see why we
she cute??
That shit just turned me alllll the way on
For real I hate feeling like this
This is literally the story of my life.
I wish somebody was hella geeked over me!
Summer Walker did her damn thang on her album
Anyway I made a playlist of best songs if anybody wants it
I love Devins work schedule but also hate when he is in Texas for the 3 days
This boy had me cracking upp
I want a red moncler coat
Lol seriously x open kt alamanda
ci, im really not omg
i know right. damn mbn.
I get enough of you
But Imma Be Pissed When I Get Too Hot .
going to bed goodnight
Get you a man who can do both
I love being around people who make me wanna do better
Omg! gws!
Can not wait to get my car back
i wanna start adulting again tomorrow
Thinking of buying my mans a hellcat for his bday but is the 4 door better or the 2 door ? Help me
Only times I wish I had a man is when sick or tired lol, like damn nobody at the house to take care of me when I get home wtf
I been feeling down today and usually upbeat
It just opens completely up shoutout to the mamas, i imagine
!!!!!!! lemme go rob a bank
I told him going to sleep why he tryna be slick keeping me up
Aright its time for me to go to bed
You should totally come to Maui
I tak memilih pls pray for me ladies. luv u guys
That is heartbreaking. If that happens to me..... I don't even know
I want a puppy
Everytime I would try to order a pair they was always out of stock or they never had my size
Back to reality tomorrow, this weekend was a much needed break from it
Finally back in Jeff city tired asf
Damn I think I love that Boy . Do anything for that Boy
I wanna go to the corn maze
Why am I just seeing this???????
Girl. on season 2 and I started yesterday morning.
lol catherine didn't understand the concept of adulting for the longest time and i'm like girl same she's my
clearly, i wish this was me right now k, night
I told him i need a massage bad
Our QA manager added me on Facebook and I accidentally pressed the confirm button. Now I'm dead.
Issa mood
Shut up .. ily text me back hoe
Payten is going to be so upset that we make it to Walmart but i bring myself to wake her up
The night before my anatomy and Physiology test and nervous as Jax
On God ain't tasted none of that ina min
been reduced to tidal playlists
I bruised my leg this weekend and have no clue how
I love you so much thank you babes
Soooooo awake cause Ayaan decided to shit himself all up his back and stink the place down
Wow need a friend to travel with me
Thank you for blessing me I will be forever grateful
I wish someone could hear how bad these dogs fight every single night
For my professor to have my paper graded
Yes yes I love it... finna go watch it soons I touch my room
Ugh of course it crashed on
Man. The paper I just submitted took a LOT out of me. Like drained boa.
Someone take sarahs twitter away
Could only watch episode 19 of SamFlam today some quick things I love: all the SoLish friendship stuff with
The party so lit I wanna see what they doing because they play nothing but skin out music & the Police on the
- my kiy!! what you been doing? been seeing you on social media imy!!
drop the pt2 merch so i can wear it to the show
that's right bitch
I need a damn drink already
I want ice cream
ima have to go find these so i can smell
i feel like people are afraid to follow me vent acc
I don't feel good at all
Driving 10 hours to see this Saturday is the only thing helping get through this week full of exams and studying
gotta be up for 5:45
The struggle of wanting to take a totem but not wanting to carry it
all I do is go from one job to another sleep then repeat everything the next day
Honestly
went to school w the thought of nothing will happen to my white tudung
so stinking cute
Oh I ready for the turn around
I misssss myyyyy baby
In traffic 22 hours a week
too cold for me
Miss the old you frfr .
wait to see friends and family hustle tomorrow
My hair is finally curled and rolled.
Weed me.
Hot shower then sleep, long day tomorrow.
waittttt for you to be back tomorrow missed you oh so much love you b
Ever ran into someone you forgot you fucked?
No we need your take on mustard Bill
I should of never been nice af and give my little cousins my big ass pumpkin... my yams would of been way cooler and not so fat faced
just waking up from my nap earlier
I even tell who
I just wanna be tatted like a biker boy
everything so fucked up back home yo
All I seen was love the and skipped to the end and seen
Wow this is really beyond me
Shopping helps me get my mind off of things
In May!!!!
Ijwf
Damn not ready for this cold ass weather
my whoooole body hurts
S/o to for the extra $20 she gave me to play even though I lost lol. Slot machines are fucking addicting!
The fact that I want to be a comedian makes me feel like I need to delete this Twitter cause baby I said wtf i
I been walking for days bro my feet literally swollen
you need to flex on us this hard dyl
My heart aches
At least our doors will be safe tonight
Someone please take me to a Chiefs game
I bought some cute ass heels and i cant wait to wear them
You and me both Alejandra said you snap you SNAP... you get it from
hard figuring out what the order is damn every country is different
This is all I ask for
This why scared to try it with raw meats
The outfit I want it
I wanna see them in concert SO BAD
lucky my daughter is 9 months and I still have to rock her to sleep or feed her to sleep.
I wish I was actually walking away with it but not
Erkesha ducking and dodging me
all fun & games til you got a head full of hair to take down
omg if fledis or whatever comes after me get ready to hit that block
Idk why im like super extra tired and hungryy
really wait for nov. 2nd, i know & both coming with some hottttt
Hate not realizing on the last episode of a series and it just ends without me being prepared for it
i'm hungry af and i saw the first option as macaroni at first turns out it's macroecons lmao
Like how is it possible to be this beautiful & to be so talented too?!
everyone say thank you Eunji
trynna live my best life
I rap just like G Herbo. fucking hollering right now
I wait for Wednesday to come and for next week
Thought I Was Finna Order Food But Everything Close
When I get home I'm sleeeeping like sleeping the day away
heard OMG! I wait man and your little man is too handsome
Okay but fr I want some
make bffs compete
just been gaining weight in all the right places
Seriously! I hate that place lmao
I swear my massages are sooo amazing I always feel like a new person
Decorating two houses at one time is SKRESSFULLLLLL but they are coming along
sweatsuits all them
idek what it is but man this been me lately like damn
goddammit stoop tryna make a bitch cry, I already do that too much
be up there
Bro I wanna punch this boy in his fucking throat
I just need one more day this overtime is about to kill me
Used to be but college maths gmfu
Forget Halloween , ready for thanksgiving
this has been the move since the album dropped
always on my mind
I be so high now so funnnnn
Babyyy, when I tell you Dot had me in TEARS today Had me cracking up, like I literally breathe I love her
You ever get some pussy so good you fall asleep on ft wit her the same night
i wish my dr martens been here by saturday ok ima just wear my UGGs Saturday to howard homecoming .
Why they all cock eyed
I need to be better with time
bro was literally 12 we all said dumb shit but grew. and even then, 19 FOR FUCKS SAKE.
boulder is so expensive bro imma have to start selling feet pics if i were to ever go there
Ready to wash this hair out tomorrow
yas queeeeeen take all the time u need,,, gsc being able to screen this is also a miracle already
too much
so damn cold outside!!... even think about inviting me to a damn thing bc I definitely be coming
little by is so underrated.
she tryna hoe me. I just want some oreo balls
I cooked and even eat it
I felt that shit
I went to bed at 7 still up
Must you use the u version of his name, I have to read d*ck every time
Gas prices this much though
The love I got for my daughter wouldn't nobody understand I'm sooo in love with her
wide awake I knew I of had a coffee so late in the day
I swear never enough time no matter how much time we spend together
Talk to me crazy and you quick to forget
so hard I love steak and been a struggle
on my way to sweep you off your feet
are blessed and grateful damn
I wanna give this boy the world
I have a really long day ahead of me tmrw and normally sleep early
It smoke the same
Bruh I hate when people have their Snapchat pics on the forever thing. Like 3 seconds is long enough to look at your face
Court Tuesday
11:04 and Avril Lavigne is singing Complicated and never been so relevant until now SAME SIS SAME
Every Time My Back Hurt , I Think About That Damn Epidural
I finally got this one nail off. The worst pain ever
My feet are fucking freezing
Look at how much has grown up from a 2014 vine to just neeed some dickkkk, I just need
my bf so perfect
Yo I had a fat ass then I got pregnant and it legit disappeared completely.
Like a baby baby 2019 lan ap rantre tou lumen
You really never know the last time going to see someone My heart aches !!RIP Pathy
u too late that was 40 min now too high to get up
The kitchen
Extremely emotional one
i want somebody to make me a playlist
I left my jewelry at home
Gravol, you have been my rock this past two weeks
Our guy getting ready to host on .
And yea... talking Cowboys Keep
I wish I could switch to front end nights permanently
Confusing
finally going to GDL and I reaaaaaally hope I get to sing with Vicente Fernandez
Sex before bed be the best sleep ever
I was jusr singing thisss they really did something with this
I can not wait to marry my man
I wanna go out to eat this weekend
I could go for gelato & warm cookies right now
Mannnnnn... I wish this one dude liked me backkkkk if he did... issa wrap
his haircut
Ion have a fb
I been in my bed for 6 mins ..... & I already keep my eyes open
I had to read it for a book club I was in as a teenager so it wasn't exactly required but I'm
I went outside with no bra on I swea my nipples started hurting so bad
I want wine
I like when my hairs straight but i also wait to wash it and have my curls back
You can have both of mine
Somebody got hit my a car yesterday
not as pretty as you
about to have a fantastic week NOTHING is going to stop that ! The blessings are already set up for me ! So
i be needing to vent so bad but I feel like I trust nobody
Ready to see my mannnnnnn
These noodles bomb
ROOL RUEL such a White mans trash istg
Tegachi letter bee! been so long since i watched this
I really feel like boiling in this water
If only my dogs loved taking baths as much as I love giving them baths
Graduating college
He burning & her pussy fishy ....... They bout to have a fish fry!
stg but ts not enough
I think my mom knows what up to... but if she does know can she at least act surprised when she sees it
I don't think ya'll understand how much he means to me
Philosophy, Studio, and Professional Practice Midterms in two days
cold asf outside, hell nah.
not excited for november no more my money might not look right
I hate being sick when I'm not home
Bring back strawberry milkshake pop tarts
Please tell us some more ASE shit posts I miss ghost charm OMGGG I THOTUGHT NOBOUD CQRED ABT MY GHOST CHARM
Scored 5 points
Me too
obsessed with her
im going to say Mercedes GLE because Mercedes is my all time favorite, plus gle is super nice
I heard it is , you got Netflix lemme watch it
you would really think inna relationship mfers get on my nerves .
When you have a small crayfish demon as a pet you find all the fun ways they can escape... The hard way.
why do the biggest turn offs always try to slide in my DMS WHAT AM I DOING WRONG
By the time I have a child, my son/daughter have anyone to play with cause all my peers children will be grown
dangerously in love
99.9% Chance I pulled my hamstring
every time i hear steel drums it just makes me want to go back on another cruise so bad
Bihhhhh ummmmm so trashy why call me
so much shit put up i wait to bring it out
In desperate need of a mani pedi and massage
in context ya know, he was SO drunk but ally was so charmed she give it a second thought if
my stomach hurting so bad
gutted woke up thinking yeah loads of time to go back to sleep but no time for work
I still wake up twice to feed her especially now that teething and is extra needy!
I received the best news today
Damn it man. I have neither.
Kehlani is really glowing Pregnancy looks so beautiful on her.
Lol adulting at its finest
Nak tgk Burn The Stage : The Movie sekali penuh tinggal seat depan je
Right which short boy sent you
Tomorrow Monday and rent creeping up on our ass!
I believe you growing up on me happy 21st birthday baby boy I love you
No wonder Eleanor loves him
I got these cheeseburgers man....
super cold already. I imagine how cold gonna be when winter rolls around.
We are NOT doing this to my Brother Nature Stop right there. Accept his apology and move on. He is one of the
Now he wanna sleep he wanna play & talk garbage - hope the rest of having good night sleep
fucking luv when my bestfriend answer my ft call <33
I want a baby!!
Forgot that i start a new class tomorrow. about to be more stress than what I already am
Ugh maybe right and it just got long again
Got Boo cleaned and ready for bed then he throws up on us both
Once again running off little sleep, drove 4 1/2 hours home then came straight to work
Wow this dog really just in my room
all over the bed. THEN tryna move his big ass over & even do that
going straight to sleep when I get out this tub
Sums up growing up a Cowboys fan
omg this is so cute i wish i had a man
need head
sis if this me rn !
I WANNA HOLD YOUR HAND .. MAKE LOVE AGAIN .. i need to be near youuuuu
I wanna talk to nobody but my boo, but he answer my FT
Just Ready To Turn 25 In December
seen you live since 2016 going to be 3 whole years by the next time here tour come fast enough
I hear my anger management class calling my name before I really beat somebody shit in
so excited for Aladdin next year. even know
I sleep and I have an 8am tomorrow
All my money goes to food
Definitely want to go to work tomorrow after getting a couple emails about how much stuff went wrong over the weekend
This always happens to meee
Think imma get some finger waves for thanksgiving
Who wants my share of the bread? I want it anymore a bitch is tired
I want my booty rubbed on
I wait to make it to my bed
why do i feel like i have a fever pero wala naman
I swear I love her
factssss
I just want my breast to be healed already im so over this pain!
Who you with? I wanted to go. should have called you.
use to be my shit
bored out of my damn mind
maybe bc thinking of watching cmbyn
ok ok will be sending you screenshots of messages through DM next time in a crisis lol
My knee hurting
had such a good time in a long time
Party been over & im still up
235 days
She really got it
He holding that trailer down with the flash bang and stem shot built a whole tint
ready for December and to finally be going home
I must of token a quick glance because I'm able to differentiate Mali from Guinea I'm sorry .
She already been knew
Beyond exhausted
yoooo this publication proj is killing me but i lowkey love it
Need this in my life
Yesss the Neapolitan ones! We ran out
Finally in bed, after working all day
She tried it!
I like fussing I dismiss people real quick especially if they not in my face because I have the worst
Been sleep now bout to be up looking at white walls and shit
everything about me make him go crazy
My bestfriend needs to come home like yesterday
I honestly miss Thiccney Spears
bruh my face feel so good
Beauty at its best
UNREAL
I literally live 2 hours from Dallas and get to go. I am SO UPSET
Slowly falling asleep
I'm supposed to work in a breast cancer decoration for our office door with my boss. I also have a powerpoint to finish
Thanks babes I sold that wig I want it back
sorry you have to deal with that too!
Whew these pills kicking in
been trynna leave smh
I love frozen cranberry juice
a dumbass and left a T-bone steak out and my dog freaking ate it while I was ate the store at least someone ate good tonight
I know you me and Janett
aNG GANDA ANG GANDA NG HAIR ANG GANDA NG MIRROR
Math test tomorrow
I need a blunt right now
why am I rewatching this in the dark by myself? I done jumped twice
I am real life tired but I have so much work to finish
Almost there
I finished 2 papers in an hour. I need a raise
What are some good full coverage foundations for oily skin? Because in desperate need of one
The stress of editing videos is real
was amazing
i need to find the LOML soon
always trying to figure out if single or not
This photo is doing things to me
Tix bus habisssssss
Who eats hot pineapples.. not right
All I see on my feed is hoco pictures n sad I go
U should know
but in actuality the is probably going to get me
How do u not get it read it again
damn she fine
Everybody want somebody who want somebody else
Lol oh man. I burned CDs for my dad all the time wow i wanna be old lol
damn Sean , tyerell & my brother gotta be the funniest ever
KILLING ME era went by so fast
remember when jooheon sung a little bit of don't go breaking my heart by bsb on that billboard interview
Give me that Diana booty to snack on pls
not checking my midterm grades.. I need that negativity in my life this week
literally need to know the gender NOW because nina is going shopping right away! friday needs to get here already
I love Chimmy
I really want to go to a halloween party
getting a ring around my lip but I stop licking Lordy
my birthday right around the corner ... what to do what to do .... none of my friends 21 yet
This weekend drained me .
Please go to sleep
I saw 1. Success 2. Happiness and Jolly so I tried again and saw 3. Baby Yo I swear the last one I did last
Girls still put girl in their clan tag
It better I really need a full ver. of it
I really need a trip back home. Cus Florida is a mess
Battery percentage just hit 69% let me wake bay up
they are i hope they accept it
This the type of shit me and my hood rat friends do
gonna be a long night
Waiting for the drugs to kick in so I can get some sleep
who gone make you laugh when you leave
I always feel like the guys I date are jealous of me. Am I a peasant magnet!?
Not for sale oh excuse me not for RElease oh sorry not for
I be singing my little heart away ! I cant wait to drop this hit
Some hot puffs
I feel so nauseous
Omg I was lowkey obsessed with this song in 5th grade
I will always miss this
I want both
I need some real good lovin
The mood
This so cute
I need a massage
Happy birthday thank you enough for being the best person. missing you more and more
Trying to maintain waves has always been my biggest challenge
I really tried to go to bed early and now I just woke up
Back to work tomorrow
Whewwww so ready to hear this
I say this respectively...
love to have any one of
Nature walk before we starting the event
Mosquitoes were like, Look! Food!
Put It On Me is still my favorite song ok?
Hold up.... So I take a break from social media and miss "Shoot your shot"/"DM your Crush" day?
That holiday is made for me!!
Hes peobably brewing beer
smh in just a second & ppl believe women are capable of doing shit like this
I dont even have words they are playing with us at this point
Wait Brother tweets are from when he was 12? are so cunty for bringing those back
Making Blueberry
Ugh I have escape that day
gak ada kata telat untuk share orang2 attractive cara kita ngelampiaskan fanservis
this whole thread making me hungry
Come here na pls!! It's just a 2 hour drive away from me
wish i have to separate from my man
I just made the best Cobb salad ever
Exhausted from this weekend
My head is going to explode
How the fuck can someone get a dog and then give them up because they handle taking care of them anymore
never get over youu until i find somethingggg new .. that gimme high like YOU DO
I want 2 daughters & 3 boys
been getting shit done lately. just always something that has to get done
No love, A&P as in Anatomy & Physiology
Can Shawn Mendes please follow me
Thanks fam
WELCOME BACC CRIPPY
you were not! he spoke like his life was pointless lol
Sleep please find me
Damn My Two Best Friends Are Coming Because They Legit Have This Gut Feeling That Sad Asf! I Even Said Anything To Them.
It really is like damn
been getting irritated so easily lately
I have a bad habit of telling someone to text me & forgetting to respond
got a chain around my heart
Weh washing clothes
what more do you want from ME
I move into my apartment next month n the only thing I have is my bedroom set
My hands are starting to LOCK, the pain in my wrist and knuckles are enough to make me cut them off
Any sudden
no lie this part right here had me smiling lol.. so shady & cute
This is just amazing
When my birthday comes around hunching like going out of style been way too long
I eat everybody pussy bc when i go down I be scared it might stank
Help been infected with senioritis and I receive the cure for 214 days, 20 hours, 18 minutes, and 28 more seconds.
She turned around like this
I wish we could kick these people out of our fandom--I swear, they get more and more embarrassing everyday
Listen, I be sanging my heart out to "Disconnect" I can't wait to hear it live.
glowing literally
starting to miss him
miss you too
My feelings are so hurt . All my food gone
I gotta throw up so bad I could cry
When you feel so cold but your nose is frozen
i have 2 and both driving me insane
Staten Island just too far w/o car
Ugh can i feel your support
Omg i am so sorry i mean to break your heart my heart already misses jinhwi so much too
i wanna go on a date con alguien looking all cute y toda la cosa
Do you ever have someone laying so perfectly on you that you wait sooooo long to get up & finally go to the bathroom bc same
Bri have to do it to us
Yall real spicy tonight huh
man you think they just gon let me have him to myself that day? I just need a day sis
Dude tfffff
Finished big mouth season 2
Hurt and all
The only dilemma I have is choosing between Ridley & Sanu to start on my fantasy team
Insomnia can suck a dick, 4 days in a row up from 4
the talk my baby had with me I swear I deserve her
so torn
I can be such a baby y tho
Yes take them if not give you shots or a blood transfusion
I just wanna rewind to summer
My throat is killing me
I really need some ice and I'm too comfortable to get up
Lay down for a nap, action starts. Rush outside action over... Too sloooooow
Thanks for this info, baru tahu
Ughh my bitch looks good
I hate having eczema
Trying to REVAMP
Oomf has really cute guy friends
You Really killed her vibe
You are beautiful.& GLOWING!!! I hope I look this good pregnant
guhhhh when is the next one
My babies better not be getting sick at the same time
I was so in love with my costume
2002, he had eyebrows on fleek
hey someone please get me a cheap flight to greenville, sc! I really miss my southern family
I have one send me that $100
May filter na pale pa din
I need Coquito this holiday season
if u drop this then it s a but u gotta
definitely not looking forward to working this week but do this
been sleep all day now fenda be up all night
I cannot wait for my moms sweet potato pie
My bitch called me & I missed it! so mad man!!
Cantik + super smart oh my God
Why do they keep giving me shots of Don Julio and fuckin Hennessy
I remember praying for a man like the one I have ... God really be coming through
I want to go to a comedy show I love to laugh lol
Why do they keep giving me shots of Don Julio and fuckin Hennessy
My AirPod charging case broke
Story of my life
We've been waiting a year
i want to go see Halloween
Baby
My Sisters Are Making Me Cry I Need To Go Home
Yooo I eat too much bread I hope it goes to my ass
Out of all the studios I've been to, Lakewood prolly my favorite...they have the most fire soft baked chocolate chip cookies there
Big facts
So cute universe barely getting into pentagon any recommendations!?
tru they want to cause more depression on us dummies so we leave and their test scores go up
i cannot wait to move. forget all that home & no my sanity is at risk.
saying though
Sjdjskska omg lmao also loved seeing you in episode
Shit is wackkkkk & full of lames
i jus be wantin to do so much to this 1 mf
I swear I'm trying
getting so old i remeber when you was so little bro days
Then turning in an assignment at 11:56 due at midnight like you have all weekend to do it
My dog is honestly spoiled af
for real SPEECHLESS she wins but One for you is gonn be 100000X better.
I need to go to storm and get those heels
is nothing wrong with the season God has you
big ole loaded when i do lay down over wit
I really hate that such a perfectionist at times. I critique my writing to the extreme.
I really wait to design my house and change it up every season
They called him cracker
seeing Ozuna live is a must
I hate reading informational texts. the only thing I have to read aloud I can zip through novels.
My eyes are on fire I need to sleep
What a day!
ft me while I stay up to do my hw
I literally go to my profile just so I can stare at my cover photo
San Antonio or Houston i rlly wish i broke
Used to be me
Fallin in love x Yachty & Gunna is a gem
Only got about 4 hours of sleep.
so true so hard to replace that person bc it just feel the same.
sadly
I totally forgot day it is for a moment
only been two weeks since Citi Field but it feels like an eternity!!!! Take me back
and I starting watching it today!!! sooo good
Getting this body right. Slowly seeing the progress.
How can someone be so cruel
My cat is bad asf. He ripped up the paper towels.
Smt I was fine af today
So excited for the party cant wait to see everybodys costumes
12 hours in a few hours
I called my mom and told her how I was dying and she just hung up on me
Shit woke up too early from a bad dream
Thought I'd watch some show episodes online and fall back asleep but they aren't up yet
He even know how special he is
Watching videos/looking at pics from the summer makes me miss it so much
I lose mine
tired but I refuse to sleep until I finish this season
I literally been procrastinating about winter shopping
missin' your hugsss!!!
Swear
There is some absolute garbage on there not all are terrible tho
Devon sends me one almost everyday day with his beautiful handwriting
Gonna convince myself to wake up early to work out
my boi phum be so fine
My greedy ass was fucking that crab up Ima have to go to DeadFish more often
Um please lemme find someone this serious about me
too poor for you to be sending me stuff like this
And I thought it was going to be warm
Spent The Day With my 2 Piece They even want me To Gooo
you think a break up is bad? try having braces the pain is 10x worse
really just made my day better.
between a rock & a hard place rn
mad I was right next to you and hear this
This is what I needed to hear
i love her
I dont know if i should give my baby his spooky basket tomorrow or wait til halloween
I barely started watching The Walking Dead and hooked
Wow. Just woke up with a sprained thumb. Great.
// Rainbow Emigrate
Even though i just went last week already ready to return to my home
baby otw Ima sleep real good laying on him tonight
If this me EVERY time i hear the song
Stg my song
Vanilla icecream and fudge brownies .... all I want
For some reason not getting my Twitter notifications
I waaaaiiiiiittttt & this is why I must
A eso vienen al Cervantino? Es neta?
I want oysters, crab legs, crawfish, etc...
Interior design should be fun but instead being overloaded with so many ideas
I need to get my rib finished
always an opportunity to DRIP HARDER
It's 2018 why do we still have racist sports team names get it together and
i leave him alone
my dream
Love this
At least they finally started calling Misha! Alex has even finished his rows yet, and I have a paper ticket
Omg nooo. I need that
just wanna cuddle up it feels so good
I feel so weak for you
Can tweet pics? I i was gonna share some shower time...
Lol same, it enough though
Been At Work Since This Morning I Should Be Sleep RN
I swear sis
safe with Lena to Kara Come on!
when you wanna go see but all his shows are so far away bad things happen to good people lemme tell you
i fr love this dude
I know this is twitter but the IG rules & regulations? Niggas be outta pocket
Please break my heart like that
I left my bud at my friends house and my pen is killing my lungs rn
I wish I could get my ears pierced
Thanksgiving need to hurry up lol
the fact that coffee really my favorite and i drink it nomore is killing me
Lmao gotta treat these niggas like my sons
Exhausted ! Worked all day , still didn't get finished ! I'm either getting slower , or things are needing to
who let me sleep for that long
Can someone please put money into my account? LOL. suffering with all this household buying. No joke.
MOOD ASF right now
Torn between matching with bebito this weekend or going with my original costume
This weather makes you so lazy
I hate noise so much and only 20 imagine i even like my phone on loud what am i going to do
wow. hella lonely
Meaning stfu sometimes
I felt this shit
baby shark is the best song ever, i love it
ion kno who worse you or Vernon talking bout God do the most
I got a few more minutes before it actually ends but thank you
We fight so much but the love is real !
Ok I hate the cold
It feels good to be in my bed
Will I ever stop throwing up?
Just realized my mama bring none of my furry stuff and now i have to go back home
Jawline poppin tho
been months since my last one
Gonna need one of these. Got a draft in my room
Whats the bottoms
I want to take a mini vacation so bad just get a boujie hotel in Atlanta & vibe out for a weekend to relieve
wait
I been tryna get back to my normal self but i keep doing something wrong ... I just know what
Yall had me thinking THE Eve died
on the last couple episodes of avatar my emotions are everywhere
Just why la aiyo
Fair next year is the play
This time next month be on the beach living my best lifeeeee
Pasta from dominos is needed
Same hawks early squad
Dear LA,
You crazy bitch I miss you
need to gts i got school in the morning
The days been flyin
sleep & brileys knocked beside me
Which is also why not boning every cute, tall guy I meet too! I like being alone. My friends want me to
Barely got any sleep and I look like a mess
Here goes my sinus.
Can please keep getting married and inviting me? I love seeing my boyf get emotional and inspired
my baby shower was great yesterday
its the first day of scorpio season and im alr having a bad day
Ugh, I feel good
I seriously need to lose weight omgggg
for me
Both Ohio State and The Bengals got WAXED this weekend ... Sigh.
Someone come make it better
stoooop, that was so cute
Yasssss just lmk baby Nd i got cha , miss you cry baby ass
I really appreciate all the scary movie ads that play before my youtube videos
I wish it was a pill to make u get over shit completely
Ilysm
Ah shit. But my comfort zone
These people are weird but I love them:
These blankets are made with love and a grandmothers prayers
I really should be reading
over here emotional af
Better that version than the one from the 90s.
A body massage, with Sonder playing in the back , With wine, a blunt, and some fruit OH MY GAWD
leah abbott fine as wine
Why am I still awake
everyones even look like a real word to me rn
so fine together.
my heat blanket
My nursery is finally all painted and I love it I already bought all the decorations lmao having a baby is fun
Mannnn, this why been staying off line.. damn man
They probably give quality sloppy top fr fr, no teeth, all gums
I want to move to Commerce Township but my job is in Detroit. That hour drive not it fam
I be mean tho I just be interested
i want my baby girl to have one so baddddd. it would fill a hurt place in my heart
A glazed donut from Krispy sounds so great.
Na blood Ronnie Fieg doing a collab with Vasquez boots aka Gorz... I need all pairs
Who can relate?
on my off days all i do is sleep
Blake is so nice to me and I miss him
Sooner or later I need to get my hands on 's lotions
hey king follow me pls
SUCH A TEASE !!!!
Smoking is an expensive habit
A lot of pressure built up
I can hear my stomach bubbling who wants to change this diaper?!
This high school stuff for me
& right when I thought things were calm ..
Watching Everybody Instasnaps From The SoSoDef25
I have to be at work 630 & I sleep
I been noticing stevens dad was right tho, kid was seeing ghosts all the time and he didnt even know
ready to go back to school
Why did i read this whole thing as if you repeating yourself the whole time
I put ass on forget
Last hour of work was hell
officially my chapstick
Gundam Astray : Red Frame (MG), kalau ada nampak.. Mesti ni
Mfs have bigger holes than mine shidd.. i stopped at 00.. as far as going lol
I bought Monty the cutest collar.
Bestest car mom.
read moreeeeeee bijjjjjj, read moreeeeee so that u can answer the question easily!!!
cc: myself
why would he ever make wine he was tripping when he called talking bout he lit
so ready to go home
I love so hard it hurts me sometimes
are we ever gonna get an official 3Racha subunit debut?
i really love my parents
AHHHH YES I- I love this so much..
They be crucial too
I was tired now in bed just laying here
sometimes i wish i had a ppls i hate sleeping alone
sis why are you on day mode
my forehead fat asf
craving some tacos
Im fina fly south for the winter
bro everyone who's voting yes is getting blocked... yall a bunch of crackheads....
I cleaned my apartment most of today. Working on my assignment midnight
These flashbacks >
I mean I rather just have a puppy but man the baby is so cute to ugh
Very informing
i love my best friends
I want them to be canon so bad just give it to us it what we deserve
Now in this corner tryna put it together
It really gives me anxiety when my phone dies mid-FaceTime or phone call
I get so sad knowing I understand math
Praying I sleep through the night. I have took that nap earlier
duuuude already very emotional please make me cry I love ya my dude and literally
Ugh how imma sleep Jadda not answering
This still funny
Girl all I drink
I need to get waxed this week
Ugh I have time for no toothache
i worked 10 hours today and my body aches and starving. i want to sleep so bad but my mind is still in work mode
that bath was so bomb , now to sleep I go
3 months until my lova boy is here
My ankle so fucked up
Omgggg, it feels so good being off my feeeet
Chicago so messy So Glad From Atlanta
so crazy to see all my high school pregnant, engaged, married.. meanwhile just over here tryna get this money
Working so hard lately has me mentally exhausted
too much lip liner when you have full lips will have you looking like Ms. Potato head
My mom got me looking a mess with pretty girl baby Kenzie and my walker no matter how sick I
Look at this sexy young man
That zinger sure hit the spot
My body is so sore
the red force is within him
omg girl you do not have my notifs on I'm so sorry for ruining your notifs fkddk I appreciate you have them on so much
wait to go home Tuesday and Ian talking bout
Bruh my mf legssss been a phat min since i went to a concert ): today was so fun tho soooo idc
im actually ready for thanksgiving
Why I want some celery when I want a snack
Man I still watched Halloween yet
right..! I had to get em
You know you been sitting in the car too long when you hear the car completely shut off
Thank you !! Just played Joy Ride 3x & reminiscing when I first got TEOM 12 years ago
Finally deleted messages from 2015-2017 out of my phone
Clearing up all kind of space
layout, layout, layout.
A whole damn mood...
i am tired and ready for bed
Man cold af in Atlanta
I want a back massage so bad
My mom wants me to take my son to Mabhida coz yena she's not a gogo to look after kids hheee!!! I think I'll miss Mabhida too.
aaaAAAhhh it's so pretty!!! my writing major self is very giddy
when ur hands r so sweaty ur pop socket falls off
Gusto ko pa belly piercing
ABSOLUTELY CORRECT ME RN WITH A NASTY DEADLINE ON AN ASSIGNMENT I KNEW ABOUT WEEKS AGO AND HAVEN'T PREPARED FOR
Thinking about cooking hamburger helper right now
Why am I soo hungry
Huhhhh me too... I been bummin it!
Relationships that form at that wrong time
I swear I always have the intention to work on my thesis paper but never have the energy to actually do it
Wish someone would listen and try to help me just need one call from someone
This shit so exhausting
Whew childdddd that's 100x better than waking up to a paragraph
I hate when my legs are restless
If yixing is in this too, i could have changed my home screen
back twitter.
Necesito el trailer de Vox Lux ya!
i be drinking liquor just because its in the house
I'm tired
Anyone else feel like their relationships are being tested hella this past week
I want to cuff them though
Don't be this guy
the same way with my nephew
Really got nobody to go to Miami wit
I believe he really went to Bloomfield
I really hope they call me into work tomorrow,
That feeling after completing an assignment >>>
I need new/cute bookmarks
Y'all I'm really seeing Bruno in 2 days
hahahaha serious man shit been catching up to my health
It be nice to have a dancing partner for country swing dancing
Whyyyyyyy does my weekend have to end??
Now i need to start deleting pics
excited to get my monitor this week but forgot I promised a million people play with them
Dk why my stomach upset
Poha
Ayeeee about time
Serenity is going to look so cute !!! , I have a love/hate relationship with hair
Body exhausted but not tired
Not all wear capes
They need to start giving out 1st of the month checks to college students cause baby a hassle trying to go
They get closer and closer
Please do I take it anymore .. matta fact, you getting the key
just really hard to believe that a whole HUMAN is supposed to come out of a little tiny hole like how why
I just remembered how much I love potatoes my daddy stayed cooking those for me
Oouu. That boy KNOW he fine !
nah lmaooo he is being a whole punk, looking for the ref and all
I feel like a virgin not having sex for so long makes you go insane
not ready
Mark Ruffalo has been the ugliest Hulk by far.
So tired I just wanna cuddle up and knock out
Finally off work
I Just Wanna Be Loved On Right Now
Girls can never say they need it
I think I made the wrong decision then I really been getting that coin
Up to now I hear the original version of When We, & I feel the remix wayyyyyyy sexier
I finished and I've never been more upset a day I my life
Bitches so deer park and so essentia
No fucking cap
loving this weather
Craving for Mango graham cake/Ref cake.
can these days go any faster i wanna meet my little girl!
Bitches who still mad at you from 3 years ago make me sick like sis you still pressed ? .
im sad that none of my faves bongs are here tho except red velvet. But thats
You know you really over someone when you even want they ass when you drunk
I really wanna date Seulgi
I just wanna go to sleep. I do not wanna be up all night
Ugly people needs love tooo lmaoo
This is what college is all about
armeries are toxic look at their behavior
Same they better invent self driving cars asap!
It's about that time
Mine is worse G. in love with a woman
No seas a bitch
hahaha cii lyza b
freezing. It legit said 47 degrees outside. I
Man SO far behind on everything too lol TWD, Flash, Arrow, Mayans... Smh.
yay!!! so glad i could help love makeup so much
Fell asleep at my desk at work, time to go home!
wow I believe you found these, all of them are priceless
I miss you too I need to come stay the night
When they have you size in the shoe you want
uGh your mind
YO FUCKING SAME I get a lot of highschool related dreams still too shows how fucking traumatizing that shit was
How??? I went into cardiac arrest
Running on pavement while wearing vans was a bad idea...my shins are killing me
know what I wanna do for my birthday, but I need to start planning now.
Need new clothes
I need to see the new one
I dont know if i can do this.
She really be asf ngl..
I want a son. But tryna wait to have everything in order
One loyal ass foot & leg massage please
so drained wait to take this vacation
Summer Walker is a blessing
Bruh bless you been looking for this fucking song for a day now
Nakakapanlumo yung mga courses namin sa next sem and the next years
this is all so fascinating to me
5 days in Korea and my skin improved A LOT. Can i stay here a lil bit longer
No but dead ass tho
I need a foot rub..
On another note lol I want to go get my nails done tomorrow
The flannel sheets from Target are a gift from God... so comfy
People not from the city even understand
In New York n I have a meeting at 10 in Miami today
Only like 200% fair. gonna be Pymm right? oh man so cute I hope you can get her, just like too bad I
I just need a big hug right now
This so true well my husband said she a bird ant shit but hood rat
I wanna shoot threes overseas
I need to take a drive
Just lost my cookies keychain
I want a boyfriend so bad
in LA
definitely gotta start Christmas shopping tho
This shower finna do me so good
I just want to graduate already
I really wanted to cry when I realized he called. I gotta quit my job now
BF hormones make you sweat like your still pregnant
THIS. IS. IVANNA. ON. 1000!!!!!!!
My dog always leaving me and goin in the room tho
I JUST HAD A WILD ASS DREAM
Sameeee and prob stay this way a while for us
Pls wait up for me til whenever I get home
omg you too? intellectual
But really! They even know what missing
My bed is so comfortable to sleep i go ...
So ayun parang absent na naman ako sa mangyayareng 'to. 2K will automatically be deducted.
Why so avail kase
I need a Sunday freeeeeee ! Just for a time.
sad tho because something that should be normal in society is so shocking and refreshing for me to see
ok good, not trying to lose you to the streets
I wanna work full time but I go to school full time but I like making MONEY MONEY this chump change not cuttin it
work in 5 hours but streaking
I told someone I was coming to their b day party and I lied I feel pressured! I know how feel that day
On me
I really hated it now I love it I still chill in my nigga basketball shorts every now and then but thanks ma
They always say good things never last and I know because I been broke ...
cant believe i was just finna fight at work bro mfkas be over doing it as long as i dont lose my job im good
I hate texting.
they not even my kids and i love them so fucking cute
Today was so perfect I believe fortunate enough to have had it
no pain like teeth pain.
A real nigga come around and make you embarrassed of all the shit you used to put up wit in the past
Rock Star Music Shit Basic Lets Get it Sign me already - KingVest
She thought she was doing something
But why is it so cold in georgia?
Trying to think about what I have in my pantry I can grab to go eat I hate getting out of bed !
This ring is too perfect omg in love
lil durk / breather
Omg I wanna watchh
Ommggggggg this is too cute
Chris Farley
He went to sleep on me ugh up alone
Lmaoooooo ALRIGHT goodnight
man I just ate a fat ass burger
Hate a mf that wanna follow you on erthang trynna keep up like here bitch just take my life too cuz damn
Strep is crucial
awwwh. the baby
I want a fat ass burger rn
I once lost 7lbs in 3 days bc of a heartbreak lol life really comes at you
This is beautiful
i can't bare the init
do not worry: if you need anything I am here lol!!! let you use my money as I obviously have more than I need!!!
Omg my bed feeling beyond amazing after that stiff ass mattress in Orlando.
Im just trynna have a thick ass plate of cocos ichibanya curry . Is that too much to ask for ?
I'm trying to write some poetry, but I'm so rusty
I don't even know where to start
frustrated
Understood this quick and I felt that
hot asf in my room
I want some of that doe lol
Im sooooo exhausted
I think/hope the light
She need to come home
I have bad habits, fuck I blame it on my bad genes
Uhg. I was just there 2 weeks ago. Loved it so much.
Fried Meatballs OMM THAT SHIT SLAP
Singing City Girls loud as hell in the car just the same without my right hand!
COLD AS FUCK I deadass forgot how cold it gets up here
Worked a double today & back at that shit again tomorrow
officially done with relationships. My main focus is school. So ready for July so I can just move to Texas
my body really not the same after having this baby
Girl same like not trying to break that much bread for a hotel room but it keeps me safer then I will.
And white people really always do dumb things in scary movies
lol they got bigger & giiirrrrllll yours is already big
When someone says BTS and you a kpopie so you gotta get that promo in bc you desperately need it
someone come rub my back fucking killing me
I really have to go see Dr Duran
I caaaant
so different and so nice
damnnn.. I wanna have thanksgiving in miami sooo bad
dying fa a tattoo
Like is HamptonU horrible ? I see ppl either love it or a mess
Girl, you and this song both popping!!!
bookie and these nosebleeds back to the er with my baby man
I mean i guess go get that degree
Will you ever fix your servers in the ME. So go damn slow unbelievable. Plz help us
I thought I could survive with my fall/spring blanket but I had to pull my comforter out tonight
This masterpiece will be dropping and I will be a responsible adult at work adulting will be hard tomorrow
Can anyone tell me who the pink-haired character is??? i feel so inadequate
Thankyouuu soo muchhh, babyyy!! Iloveeyouuu always! Appreciated
lmfao i cant stop laughing poor baby harry
my baby will be so blessed
I hate putting up clothes it take me forever
we started off as close friends
wings sound so damn good
if i call one more bitch this girl name
Ronde with the left though, tough
thanks
Bro it blows me sometimes dead ass be having to come home just to change my panties
I low key wish you was in Houston
Sad back home
so mf tired bout to get in this bed & be knocked tf out .
Tubby where have you been all my life? I've been shitting on them since day 1 because they
Yoo I need friends to do this w this is about as ratchet as I get lmao
wait for everything to come together so I can breathhhhh
my boyfriend know how to cook cook spoiled by that shit now i cooked a dinner since i met him
Girl I hope not 7 weeks and see a little bump
where should i go next year?
this shit here really get stressful
Hahah adorable if only we started the fight earlier but ig its never too late?
Lollll you understand
the ticket
I feel like been seeing you saying this all day lol
I would hate to still be anemic when pregnant
even left yet and I hella miss my bf and dog already
I took such a bad fall at indoor today I honestly think something torn in my knee and gave my self another concussion my head hit hard
|| I thought we were aging
After holding my nephew and changing him, I kinda have baby fever
The more u push- the less i try!
I be missing my man even when he right there
Is it today already?
there was me still wallowing in yesterday
Fuck hard
seeing places never seen before travelling alone is so lit. MY HEART
Stepmother nature
Incredible
AKU NAK BUAT APA HARINI
I need a second job to finance all this shit trying to do
Wowowow I miss my long hair I wanna be this short haired birch no more
I have everyone muted not personal
Jessie and Idk if I wanna even be down there
Lord the week hasent even started and already planning what classes I can skip
I love you unconditionally
I was going somewhere Sato night, nikachelewa so that I shrap kidogo
PERIODT cause i miss you so much .. let you know if i come before thanksgiving tho
In need of some head rn damn where Daddy at ?
same my whole hand peeling
I just need some love, I just need some dick
Someone should really take my debit card away
never been to a pumpkin patch someone come w/ me
I wait to thanksgiving
An owl almost attacked me tonight, in front of Wilson.. lml stay alert .. .. WSSU
Suncity album is such a tease, i need more!!!
I literally stayed up watching BGC videos because I lay down because stop breathing
Got that tiger one
I have a new obsession with purses and I need help
No better feeling then crossing things off your to-do list
Idk if because reading and journaling again, but MF tired of this lesson slapping me in my face
If someone take me to the goddamn fair like that shit over like...tomorrow lol. FUCK ME right
just go all crazy and then never wear it, lol. cause I sometimes do that.
Ready to bounce backkkk
I'm going through the same shit right now, I lost my ID in the Uber
I know they had an app and girl I gotta send you these pictures of all her clothes
says you but I love youuu <333
ok lemme go through this book one more time before i crash
I say time and time again that gonna stop eating pork but like....majority of food is pork
Happy birthday to me time to change my age in my bio
let that mf be warm too
Rondo came with the left though, tough
Aw imy too
You just need to come on to Memphis
Craving crab hut
No no no
soft af
so when she gone start rapping? ugh I love her btw
when you thought you were over a certain situation and it turns out not
first i was like: oops im pregnant
then i was like: lol ill just kill it
super hungry at night time
If you must know yours is one of the ones anxiously waiting for
Lawd! One thing I think is absolutely effindamn disgusting is spitting on someone! F that! Kickhisass
lol i wanna go out
You better not take Friends off you dont want me to die do you
Im on my way to work
Why am I so undecisive someone send help
Oh he got her that drunk elephant skincare
New Job me PLEASE
Mood,
Gotta register for my classes in the morning taking 6 classes.
just laying here thinking about sex
i would get a headache before i got to bed
I felt this... but slowly getting it back. My original day one tho she ever let me go
Finally home
Why am I so undecisive someone send help
I know I even remember anymore
Yeah, I was transferring a patient and he was in there with another firefighter
TAS I AM DESTROYED
the cupcake phase be real but i wanna argue & see if you stick around
Ur going to cry
so damn tired
asana has me sore asf
Used to be my favorite video
I have to wake up after 2 hours, should i sleep or
Can someone tell me when gonna actually sleep again???
i would get a headache before i go to bed
Ich will auch
Still cant believe you cut that hair but i mean you was fine then and fine now so i guess you won
i have really bad anxiety and i freak out over the littlest things
BETTER THAN IT LOOKS FRFR !!
I would lose anyway
Take me back to the good, old, carefree days
you cute owuteva Am I really ? I t been complemented in a while thank you
Yooo I want Chipotle
Me & My Cousin Be Having Serious Conversations
Better than looking like Russ
Finals this week
Woahhhhh I want so prettyyyyyyyy
AGREEEEEEEE, that song is very catchy and it has good visuals
gonna have to go back to buyin wraps all these wraps Dom gave me are super stale now
I feel better, I think gonna be okay. I feel bad eating all those cookies. Great! now I wish I was sick.
Me arrepiento tanto de no aceptar para ir a ver a the Weeknd
This got me in my fuckin uwus
I practically live in sweats
I cannot wait to take my baby out this weekend apple orchard & costume shoppin
Where's 12 ? Can't Wait To Get Off && Go Lay Under My Baby
Wish I could be under my bf
ready for DAZED to drop the HD version of these
I just keep testing the waters with this cheese
I need you to get me back in the spirit sis
He already follows sav bc be hate her
I feel fat af, I even feel cute anymore.
Udah ditembak duluan
Quien pudiera
I trip over nothing that was NEVER mine from the start. I can only learn, everybody gone love and care how you do!
I wait to redo my room
These them nights i like to come home to kobe
Wish I was being held to go to sleep this right
always inspired when I mark my first essays. They write so well and their ideas are really cutting edge
hello bila boleh dapat good food at good place with good people lagi
5 minutes into November and chill and I'll probably are nutting already. God and nature should not have made it that tempting
why do i keep forgetting to eat before leaving the house everytime a school day
Te pinches odio
i'm so glad my baby got data on his ipad. he all in the car w/ it
Monday morning
anyone participating theater still have showtimes for the stage: the yet?
weak! sis we had a good night continue through the season
Yes!! Lol a couple of them would look good as girls I unsee snoop
I have so many pics of my baby sister already
I gotta get my body together
Always the fattest line too
you soooo cute you did that !
Had to get the whole fit
Wonder why my nigga gave up on me
Tell me About
Stopping at all on my way to work today. Yep, is kicking hard
wassup with aquarius & virgos
i need real nigga answers!!!
Idk I never post pics I just needed an updated avi
I should be sleep but my ass wide tf awake
If that the truth
My phone charge so asf
So baby daddies are back in LA already know ima go to their hotel
Ily too & imy sm ! We should have like a reunion thing with like Vlady and Buddha !
I wish there was a way where i could block scary movie ads appearing on youtube, for those of us with weak hearts. Its scary
I swear it has to be an old timer on the account. He/she is so dry
thank you girl, i love you miss you
I be hurting so bad at night
And this is why I will continue to drink my gallon a day
And I use to LOVE tweeting
This still fucks me up
2 weeks I wasnt even thinking about that
This one is not speaking to me and I don't even know why.
I wanna take a short vacay soon
OMFG I BEEN FEENING FOR Hot & Juicy crabs
i have work today from 6, uni from 1 & i finish at 6, i've been up since 5 so i'm gonna be up for over 12 hours
I'm trying to be with oomf forever , but idk if he about that
how ima go back to sleep
singing in Spanish is just ugh
OKAY . like what the hellllllllllllllll
okay this is really my last beer and last movie I need to be in bed
mamsh your ig stories... i hope wala na sya sa life mo ang toxic
The fact my momma was just up here too she brought it. I need to switch out my summer clothes for my winter stuff
I need a teddy coat
This is me
shes so fucking pretty omg
Gotta hurry and do this homework
omg my eyes are so swollen thanks to this show ..
My c section scar be itching like shit. tttttfffffffff
Every time I leave home I get home sick
Yeah I make it out the house at all today. Idnt feels good
ready asf for my birthday !! going up for my 19th !!! Dubai hurry up!!
my man the realist nigga I ever had my baby I love him so much anytime I call he coming thru
I Love Tf Outta This Girl, The Way She Makes Me Feel I Never Felt That Before Everything I Ever Wanted
My heart
Why would she even do that?
I constantly get stuck at work
I CANT WAIT IM SO EXCITED AND HAPPY AND EXCITED AND even tho i have a school today im gonna have my
Take me back to 2009
where are they ?
No Glenn, No Carl, and soon No Rick??? Too many of the OG cast is gone....I don't know how I feel.
Anybody know any good Dark Spot corrector / Acne Scar Corrector face wash, cream, or etc ? If you do, comment
It still is so shocking to me that i will be having my 2nd child in 5 weeks
more videos please!
Yasss like it keeps mfs from round me
it finished faaasstt, next yr bruh!!
Brent Faiyaz has the voice of an angel
This album literally changed my life and got me out of depression. I swear Thanks
more locs or bundles
If the person you want actually wants you back, you are so lucky
i would like to formally apologize to everyone that thought i was ignoring them when i fell asleep at 8 o clock
My back
tired of this temporary ass shit
i feel my legs from all that driving
I let me feelings get the best of me sometimes
Cant wait to get in bed
I wanna dye my hair again but I already did red for like 6 years and I really think any other color would look good on me ):
After like 7 years
I wish to no longer be apart of this conversation
einney the jet lag gone be crazy gone sleep a whole day
where can I get this top
Stop playing I want to cuff you Yeah I wanna be cuffed anymore just play too much
Everything the Queen drops is a bop!
talk about her, I love her
trying to protect my heart but your making it so hard
NIGHTMARE ON REZZ STREET JFC
Thanks imma try it, hopefully as easy as it seems.
Son i dead just fell asleep for a hour
Please God
Omggggg bitches on the 4th floor better not be jumping no more.
lookin to go home dey and come lmaoooo
Lmao omg. wtffff
My heart beating so mf fast
i love being around my man, even if in complete silence so amazing being with someone that brings you peace
I get light in the fall and winter
Bree always falling asleep on me
Zoey found a picture of me her and her dad and she was staring at It and then she kissed his face and I cried My poor baby
nah definitely old because I remember those days
My ovaries prepared for this thread but praise you for the retweet
This painting is looking so nice
NaS Keif needs to happen, been wanting to join that team for years
hopefully the shirts come out cute
I still find my Apple TV remote. I be tired of using my phone
Peep my header
I want to drive to but so comfortable
This pain on another level
Lottery win!! Is it too late to buy a ticket?
My Mamas 18th Is Tuesday She Grown Grown
Don't wait for me, don't
This boy said he know people add stuff to just smashed up an avocado & started eating that
breakfast food hit different at night
Softball*
not even officially winter yet and my hands are SO DRY!!! doomed
Why did I volunteer to go in at 6am tomorrow
First stop after the LONGEST bus ride of my life. I swear everyone and their mom was headed to NYC today.
He is still looking so hawt even when flipping that finger lol. How to be you, Marky?!
I stop rewatching it the music, the color palettes, the animation. everything is wonderful.
I hate how army is labeled as such a fan when really not like come on give us a break
Just when you thought you was about to get some
No Glenn, No Carl, and soon No Rick??? Too many of the OG cast members are gone....I don't know how I feel.
I believe I never heard of it
The second I get into my boyfriends car before he drops me off
Okay the mini candy is the worst because you think not too bad but then you eat a bunch
I think he alive though. I hope they not on no clone shit.
Lord is tomorrow the day?
I thick like that no more
If I was judged on things I said back in 2011 -2012 be beyond hell
& formspring were the messiest times of my life
a lot of question I need answers too!!
i need texting buddies . i really be bored as hell
I deserve a lor boo for in between times she gotta appreciate me
I hate that I have to work Monday mornings now
Just tryna skip to about 8-10 years from now. Skip me to my Big house, 8 cars and man cave ready now
Someone must have punched me in my back when I was sleeping....my rib on my back is killing me I can push it in and out
Ugh
I just want this mf degree. A mf car. A mf house & a mf career.
YES OFC TAKE YOUR HAND
My boobs hurt
this headache though!
Dallas been fun, but missing him and my kids man
coughing so much but I finished my pumpkin for work, hung out with friends and did a lot today. Probably
But the way my patience set up
Am always the one having the bitch fit
I had to spell it like them.
I think anyone will ever understand how much I love my man
Really want a burrito but want to lose my parking spot
Fffuuuuuuu...
Well, late to work as well
I forgot to pay my phone bill
I wish I was allergic to carbs
neighbor is playing SOTT
I want a new car
I want something real
I wanna carve a pumpkin already
I rlly get sad after not seeing my man for a whole day... who am I
girl about to drop mad weight from this surgery cause EVERYTHING runs right through me now.
I wait to see my grandma
ready to get back to my car
i wanna see him live
Crying gives you the biggest headache
I been seeing you on my tl for the longest Oh really
This has always been one of my favorite videos
Goddammit that was rough
& idk how to get over that honestly cuz even now when things go right or left I be ready to call him
: honestly I love me a pretty ass female
I was about ready to ko until I remembered I had a quiz due before 11:59
Where
Oh it makes a man 20x hotter if they can play the piano. Like come here lil Beethoven sexy ass
now i have to get new friends once i start UAB in January
I was thinking of that too but bress is best. I know I'm gonna get hungry
ugh whyyyy do I even bother
Red wine just make my whole body feel good
my body is so fucked from this weekend been so hard for me to get thru the day !
I literally sleep with a heated blanket every night
gAHAHAHAHAHAHA WTF IS THIS
So tired of going to the bathroom
really dying
when is Rupauls drag race season 10 coming on netflix i miss watching that show so much
I have to go buy some boots
today was so long
woahhhh what news is this hows jisung man
No looking at me today. I am so tired
I literally feel absolutely awful right now I'm so nauseous
FaceTime calls everynight would make ya ass fall in love
damn all these bot accounts spewing the same stuff, there's gotta be a real or out there for me
My heart
believe i get in my other account
I accept this. not evil like them
Not by the churn but
i stay reading mine, something i could never get rid of
would have died in our old 2016 group chat if you think these tweets mean Brother Nature deserves to be cancelled
So I went to the mall in Chicago and it had and I spent so much money on make up I did not need
My lord
All that kinky shit be nice when your nigga
Hi 18 officially.. if only I was a literal year older I could see in Niagara Falls in November rip but okay
I miss
I miss my grandmother and I talk to her ass everyday
I want my hair to be this big so bad
a bad bitch. I wish I would have got to know you when I was at Hampton
Mini muffins shall be the death of me. Like the fresh mini muffins from the bakery!
Rock Star Music Shit Basic Go Get That Bluemagic On Apple Music Sign me already
If follow Ashanti on BIG TRIPPIN this girl soooo fucking fine
facts i really wait to give her the world her and my granny my heart fr
I miss my baby. Next month come any sooner
My knee is really fucking with me tonight
We need to find a weekend that works for all of us and make this trip before over
Fuck. so in love with chase I might combust soon if he doesnt one more cute act
Chase; breathes
Me: COMBUSTS
Went from the beach to frost in just a couple hours. I am glad to be back home though
What a Way to start my day!
God knows I'm going back to sleep
I want Libra season to be done
i think i fucked my leg up
my bf and i eat too much ramen and pho
Mad i know about this early definitely would of went
69% compatibility
Hey just relax man enjoy the night and we'll be here tomorrow when you upload!! RN I'm sick trying to grind sum MyTeam
I want to go out of town for a weekend
Alch I already feel drunk why ALV I took a nap I should be fine
Now to actually quiet my thoughts and go to sleep.
I hate working mornings
Wow my arm sore asab
Elephants are so precious
Or parang nung playlist still the best one for me huhu
I want a bf so bad
; i love this haircut idk why
"Cheese" - How is this kid only 2
Looking all grown up!
Hawthorn, Victoria
I love Gates
me & bae like Kevin G & Drecka G baby we both freaks lol let us in no stripclub togethaa
Bruhh the new maze runner movie got me messed up
i have a the scariest nightmare last night and now scared to fall asleep
a lot of data that has to be put in one graph but have to condense it
this cuddling weather
I need some nigga food
Down to my last assignment and I feel the crash coming
Just finished Friends.. again... crying.. AGAIN
I want the new cantu brushes
Can I make this account into me just retweeting pics of food? Or is that too much? Bc rly in love with food. Like yass bitch slayyy
On + On is really a 9/10 on the foodie scale
This last weeks episode of has reminded me of why I fell in love so hard with this show in the first place.
I have to stay up till 4 am! like wtf how is this even going to be possible
I used to design, edit n author dvds n girl if I still stumped by the miraculous nature of
Backshots he gone leave this pussy bruised
sad.
missed myself!
I miss idolpink
He woke me up over an hour ago and Ive been trying to go back to sleep ever since
Where is a boyfriend for me to cuddle and protect me while watching Hill House????
Just not a good night
me I can only watch during the day lol
This drive
so pained that I find this lady omg, please if on my tl and seeing this message me so I can recommend you to everyone
I wanna play loteria
i wait to be home this weekend
First night without my boyfriend & my son...I'm miserable I can't sleep without my babies
i actually get to go home & sleep in tomorrow
on my way to work and such a rainy day but better than listening to music
I want grill
Idk what to eat
My momma said if my brother comes home w a hickey she gonna fuck the bitch up she playing around
touch me so i know real
I just get over how good my skin has been looking lately
how do a reboot and not include Pru, Piper, or Phoebe
lol I just gon pop up in yo dms with some problems
I Want Her To Myself
Anyone else with nipple piercings having anxiety watching this waiting for the snag you cute tho
Everything is coming together and overthinking.
Hated that song sm when I 1st heard n now lowkey vibin in my head every time I hear it
been trynna make slutty brownies for a while now
sleeping in your mans clothes has to be the most comfort-ablest
Got it. arent going to follow me anytime soon bcuz i dont have that tons of followers
I feel like im mean because im so selfish but I gotta make sure straight b4 anything & anybody! When i need who there? Exactly
I miss my man. in the mood for some cuddles, full body massage, and for him to play w my feet.
I consumed so much alcohol this weekend ! being hungover and waiting in line to cross back the best.
this gon be some shit OnG
wait next year trip
oh my goodness
Some of the pictures I took today came out so fucking sick
I wish you would stop playing
i really been driving all day
HALAAA IRERELEASE NA YUNG BALANG ARAW!!!!
Chicken nuggets with some barbecue sauce why did you have to make me think about food rn
someone help me w a hair color
tuby wtf late, buuuut his utopia remix
Yup that's a range rover alright.
I feel like we were the only ones here from day 1
I thought I was going put one up in me and go to bed but i got test and shit
so over it
*who you know got no teeth just bare gums
high school is something else let me tell you
It sucks crawling into bed then realizing extreamly hungry I wanna back up
Me : Violet you save me any candy ?
Violet : mommy bring my jacket bring my shoes im going to take you to the store
Shit im omw to Hammond now
Man what the fuck is this 2010 tumblr shit
I just wanna be loved on tn
I miss being laid up in bed I just miss all the affection that comes with a relationship
The weekend goes by so fast
Wow I want some insomnia cookies
At this point Shea Moisture could make SOCKS & buy it
I feel so tired I fall asleep.
I want whatty
Finally got to clean the whole house today
Need Vacations
Want to go get a pedicure
just tryna find my soulmate
Undecided if I wanna ride in the trucks mainly cause I know those people
so tired
By the time I get some I think imma done forgot how to have sex
upset my eyes this beautiful in the sunlight
he's so beautiful
I just want someone to fuck me hard
Idk how many miles the fair put on my feet today
Late night thoughts, why am I always hungry before going to sleep??!
Im tryna find out what this dancing is called
My bf so cute
Wow so cute
clock it 9:35pm first meal of the day why am i like thisssss???
i think i would die if i had another kid. lmao i even wanna think about it
The accuracy
i've wanted to give up like 7 times but i need to know!! but... i wanna give up some more
If I cough one more time tonight
Alright, I saw spoilers on the TL and I have yet to catch up so with that I say goodnight
I love you more stink thank you
Delaware to small, everybody know everybody
snapchat memory
Everybody wanna blow up my phone when I have company my phone never blows up.
Big Facts, got damn bumass centers. Get out of the paint down there stupid
This 4-hour time difference between BC and NS is killing me. Insomnia is the worst thing ever when you have to
answer my instagram DM
i just want to travel
Lord please hold onto me as I enter the next couple of weeks of college..
One of Aubrey's toys is going off and I have yet to figure out which one it is
I Was Sleep Alldayyyyyy
Most of these Halloween makeup designs are so cool!! I wish I was talented
I just wanna go to another show.
I have bad ass anxiety and I hate it
I want my baby
cw picked a great cast for
Blueberry muffins sound so good right now
I wait to try it now lol. Idk why I never have
I know if be able to stay up
finally in my bed
Difficult morning ahead.
you be single you is fine
My baby took this due date a little to serious
You are not living pls invest in one they help your cramps
I can't wait till new album drops.
why i feel something tak tenang
If only we have a strong fanbase here in Philippines for Lay.
Man this movie was soooo good
no one really calls her Ra'nyla, majority call her ass bug or mooks ..
Note his accurate use of the plural!
Aww thank you believe you kept it all this time
God knew not to give me a body like
currently about 46 degrees
i really hate how fckn nice i am like i really needa grow a mf backbone
Brain shut off tonight....
simmmmm
i still have to try
Glordy Have mercy
I broke my arm wearing those suckers they were dope as heck though
Welp. Vacation has ended and back to the real world tomorrow
thank you you fine tooo
Not able to have guy friends bc guys know how to be JUST friends
i miss my inchesssssss
been craving this lately
only 1230
This beat is insane I need this
literally think i can handle anymore so this should be interesting
This has been a horrible year for me . I'm tired physically & emotionally
maaf aku bukan rumput sejati..
I miss my bestfriend so much
I deadass need a full body massage
Yup that's a range rover alright.
no whole existence is bu bu the fool
i will i promise
Ugh gonna be a long day tomorrow if I sleep
This too cute
How can a tone of voice make me this weak?
I just really really really want some chicken
I really need to start buckling down on my grad school applications
I need someone to have a blunt rolled for me and some food for me when I get off these doubles.
so excited to get all my equipment
why this week just end already
I do not feel like going to work tonight too cold
Nobody talks about loyalty more than a nigga with community dick
California needs to stop voting for Democrats
We deserve better
We can solve problems
We can
Wish I had a wager squad
Same
I watched the 2016 one on Hulu in my room...
Man I want a cupcake or some cookies
I should've never been introduced to Detroit I wanna be there all dee timee.
I Been Holding So Much Shit In Right Now , So Many Questions , So Many Feelings
i need to go out of town... i see some nice outfits nowhere to wear them
save last name on your phone so you accidentally send it to the first one that appear
I can Neva tell Austin anything .. he gon be clowning on my ass forevaaa
Diane says i should stay up all night but wtf i need my shleeeep
been dying to watch a good scary movie
Cutting out dairy and carbs from my diet is gonna be so hard
Yooo this how far is tattoo far show is wiillllllddd! There is no way these tattoos are permanent. Who would sign up for this!? I go
I'm convinced I'm a shopaholic
wtf craving so many things rn
I wait to listen!!!
Hey mahhhhh Love your account!
Until you become un numb and all that shit smacks you at once. strong sis.
- my Baltimore baby i miss you so much! I think about you often i know if we woulda had more time together we
Swear, friends want to call me to vent when the sleepiest I still answer and listen though.
How the heck am I gonna get out of bed now that gonna be next to me for the next week
Out of everything experienced so far with parenting, trying to get Dominic off the bottle at night has been the toughest.
My feet cold af
said Tristian Thompson cheating her ass Lord! I hope lying. trying to be Wilt Chamberlain?
I have to be up by 4:30 and I sleep because I had coffee
*Powdered .. They Been On My Mind Lately
I hate roller coasters & tomorrow supposed to go on a JUNGLE COASTER lawd not ready
understand the impact of this song
Martin is so funny !! I love this show
Real nigga me PLEASE (me to God)
Booty home I wait to cuddle with my daughter
sold out for pumpkin baby costumes!
Girl thanks for the tip!
Hope I get my car back soon. Hate driving this rental
my press and curl be so damn cute
Them mf chicken strips got me smh I love them bitches frfr
Right? Maybe she was blinded by her crush on him
yuh hayssss
lmao! Worst part is I rarely get the shit craving
Where I can take pictures
none keep my mind off her
ugh you caught me just look at him i love his parabola hairline and all
True! It just makes me kinda sad instead of excited because i know when i will actually be going but someday!!!!
Missing the text << I WAS UP IM SORRY
Need some kisses and cuddles
i'll never look this good again
Been wanting to record my short segment for but I guess life said no.
Hope not too late if
When I say I itch when stressed/anxious/nervous, I mean it my body is covered in hives just because too stressed rn
gonna make me cry
i gotta self tan tmrw but been so long pray ya girl end up blotchy af
well no class for me tomorrow. pray for lul baby
Everyone I know is busy with their books and I'm just chillin like I ain't got two Exams this week
Cela
Washing my hair after I take it out is always aggy glad I got that over with
I can literally see me spending the rest of my life with my boyfriend in love with the kid .... lordt
Wore heels all day Friday and my feet are still recovering everyone who does this regularly I give you all the
I hope you guys registered to vote
Morning Monday and I hate my life the middle of the night work exist till about 10am
I can't sleep
ugh shit yeah the only thing worried about would be when i wanna grow it back out look so
it was so nice to get back to
When the baby wakes you 45 mins before your alarm, why do you hate me P?
not talk about that one please
Nothing compares to coming home and sleeping on the couch
Her bodyyy duddde I just wanna lick her lmao but Fr
SOOO Mad At Work & My Daughter Came I Knew This Was Gunna Happen 5 1/2 More Hours & Comiggggg I
Yoooo! You will never know the trauma. MP3 ripping was the worst.
Slick mad now cause my drink got hella ice in it and the ice melting fast af
you gon show off and make all this while Im not home!!
Been out on the water all day
Lmao. guessing I remember much birthdays prior to 2013
Bitchhhhhh I knowww not
He said I know you gotta be tired , you been running through my mind all day I how cute lol
Short songs are always the best I need a There Part 2 lol
I waaait to get my new car
Woah wait til sug cut their her hair and get glow in the dark nails lord ima be on that
Does Anybody In Xavier Wanna Go Trick Or Treating? No? Alright
All you gotta do is look out
I'm not tired
im still waiting for jaehyun to cover get you.
I need a sex slave
Ever since I started working never gone a day without a new phone coz I know the pain of being without one
this is just disrespectful. Why are Tae and Hobi at the back
and Tarik Cohen the MOST slept on.
definitely taking my ugly skinny ass to sleep I have to be up at 4 for work
Ive had kidney stones twice... some of the worst pain I have ever experienced.
Take the last
Y'all I got so much chocolate gelato on myself it stained my bra. Bruh
my li 45 break went by so damn quick but im not sleepy tonight , i slept good af earlier
Unexpected surprises from the best never have I ever had a guy go out there way at 10 at night to come and
Work, school, and babysitting is kicking my butt
i believe 21 already, we were just babies yesterday HAPPY BIRTHDAY BOO. wish you the best!
If I wrote a book about where we stand the title of my book would be life with Superman
I got a headache
So many memories
Mind your business
I recently became lactose intolerant & I just know what I did to deserve this I love anything diary
I need a light skin Mexican girl in my life
When i first got Twitter i use to show out
Okay a lil jealous of my leg tat
bro getting some tomorrow
me too
how you treat me and make me feel is amazing
bruh... T-Pain went in on Put it Down
My lash appt till thursday idk how ima do it
Really need my hair played in rn
I gave it my all
1 hour stressed okay na yun HAHAHA
Damn ion got hair no more
She perfect
Idek what i want to do if i do tho i swear i better SEE them doctors throw the skin away. I
I need to relieve some stress
I need a new Bestfriend
LMFAO bc this is really a thing
another win for the gays
But so much effort reading all the subtitles
My mom helps me out so much. She will not let me do bad. I really deserve her a blessing
Royce not home I can't even sleep
just too cold now and my hair takes forever to dry
I forget how much of an amazing quality is sometimes, just so blessed
This head ache omg
so happy I have a functioning car. I can finally see m therapist tomorrow I miss that bitch
Your playlist hits all the right spots
My heart is bursting with love this entire ep is so beautiful
tooo old to be going out like I did yesterday lol I still feel hungover
Feelin like shit just want my hair played with
oh that's awful wait where are you going?? flying to atlanta to visit me right?
serious lah ticket dah sold out
I was literally folding laundry for the past hour and a half
Why tf am I still awake????
I thought it was just me Ali! We definitely have a long way to go
I wish I could have bought m&g I have had actual dreams about it/me meeting her and what I would say and
I wanna eat pussy
I believe I really signed up for a 12 hour election day shift
Kings growing slowly gonna take over the whole world
He was just awake he fall asleep so fast
I found this so satisfying
lookin spiffy
Body shaming is so 2015, be better ladies
I looooove a man that smells good it just does something to me like commmmeee here Daaadddy
I swear like everyday & I still feel like ion Thank him enough
sorry I never really checked out their music other than their title tracks so I know them enough to fully stan
My mind is wondering wayyyy too much
telling you, cry so hard
Way it just switched up
The chub rub is real
Yeah ur right I just saw the post and went oh yeah that makes sense so I rtd it
BRUH ITS SIX AM ON A MONDAY HHH DONT TEST ME
omg yes !
so exhausted my whole body hurts
I just hate how quickly it spoils
My feet hurt so bad
I be in so much pain at night annoying
Help
super impatient but certain shot is worth the wait lol
Wide awake at this time on my day off
im just tryna spread you apart and give it to you balls deep
I could listen to this all day
Affff I be miserable at work lmfao
a princess with this lovely messy hair
ugh our minds
really just ready for my new passport to come Nigeria Dubai and Sweden are all on my list
Take me back when things were simple
Preach sus
You ever Just meet someone and experience a Vibe you experienced with anybody else What is that ?!??!
so happy for you
Always :) I really have been it's just been a lot going on but imma manage.
I have sinking feeling somebody just hit my car on everything ima cry
Goodnight
i knew it was all bullshit from the start
More new clothing rly cute tho omg
why gotta be so meanie to me my sarang
You should hear his vocals!
I wish I miss you
Why is everyone telling me this if I had my card I could go buy another dam lip liner
cutting my hair again this just did it lol
sooooo bored help me
going to the doctor tomorrow baby this cold fenda keep me down all week
I'm absurdly attracted to his biceps
I swear the weekend be going by so fast
Gwap always doing something extra like get yo granddaddy legs up off of me
I need a massage rn
Why ppl like playing the side get mad when time to play the side lmfao
Hahahaha aww so sad my dog Chloe sit still on my lap, I already know it.
he better pop the question when I see him in february
The cereal goes first, this video all wrong
I wanna go to six flags
OH MY GOODNESS that was probably the most heartbreaking day of my life I still say it in
ITS A BOY!!!!! love you & wait to meet him!
sis TELL ME ABOUT IT
wait for my 8am
I was thinking the same thing
Poor Andy has a fever and is wheezing like the little penguin from toy story.
Just need to put my feet up. They're swelling
so hungry let me get up and eat
i love seafood so much
I see how be getting pregnant a second time and first child even be a year old yet I could noooootttttt
27. been trying to read the french version of The Little Prince but I failed miserably
28. vanilla, cotton candy and cookie dough
i felt myself about to get in my feelings so i got up and curled my wig.
Did the weekend even happen? come around to quick
I need to get back on taking pictures Neek is rubbing off on me
and ya girl gone end up with 2 hoodies .. because hers smell like you
I wish someone would bring me a cinnamon roll from Whataburger
lol that yours
Trust, is definitely my fav song on EP. a bitch might blow her speakers out been vibing to it too hard
Yeah no I need like 12 hours of sleep no lie still so damn tired from Saturday
Shans really told me today New most knowledgeable non Jamaican regarding dancehall she knows
That nursing gave me a headache tonight
Noooooo that's fucking awful
Why I sleep.
Drop a fuckin SOLO album alreadyy
Why did this turn me on
glow in the dark mini golf. ask the score
a whole make up brush
Yes Bundy remains the sickest psycho. Like bro was a sweetheart to the very end.
Or when you having a conversation & they randomly call you beautiful
Bruh, I was SOO tired 10 but I had to drive home, and now I fall asleep and I gotta wake up at 4AM
ok maybe lying about the laplace part
Omg sum of my pics deleted from snap chat fuckin whore
who wanna go see halloween with me
Yes exactly. But, I hope doing good.
exactly
I am tired omg today was so busy
All my friends are drug dealers idk who to support anymore
tired I do it today
so precious my heart
Jesus Christ
Omg see how it all lines up
literally in love.
i'm so hungry Can Tuesday come sooner so i can eat
Ate good, now about to shower & K.O
Just cause you be calm people swear not like
so cute Thank you!!
I regret punching a door
I am being so stress too
My heart!!!
Just wanna talk to you like I'm so anxious I'm drizzy
That food did nothing
At this point, ready lying let me just have a moment )
omg I wait !!
i feel like crying i just want to be present for the comeback but its my first day back at school after the holiday
My comfortable ass bed right now goodnight
so tired of being pregnant
Going to sleep so tired
I am so fucking hungry
That awkward moment when your neighbor is tryna like you.
really not shit wtf
this my fav gospel song
Bitch ME ASF
I am so cheesy and SOFT tonight I make myself cringe but I really really REALLY love so much
SB streets really fucked my car up so fuckin hurt rn
Check Out My New Upload On Soundcloud Drop Them Follows If Like
my mind is blocking out everything but the tailgate so i am hype lol
I Miss Stayin At The Hotel
I loveeee this !!
I cant lie I love this man so much and crazy is he love me just as much if not more.
He want me to go NOWHERE
Trust, is definitely my fav song on EP. a bitch might blow her speakers out been vibing to it to hard
Been at work since Sunday 9am & getting out today at 7am
I'm scared af already but I can't stop watching The Haunting of Hill House it's soooo good
I wish I could braid my hair
too comfortable.
i cried in that video ah
Hey this is in need of friends because her timeline is as quiet as the cemetery...
I always get put in the middle of everything. I seriously anymore
I wish this paper would type itself so i can go to bed
Hey rise and shine, heavenlings! i'm searching for someone to talk, please?
Omg it amazing? really did that
want something juicy to watch on Netflix try The Sinner
Can you believe?
My pride and joy right here Heej gahhhh
Why would you sell that and I remember
It's today for me can't wait
Thanks for ruining it
Why 12:45 and I want fried fish
Also as a non Brooklyn resident, I feel the same way
High key Wanna Het Tatted
Lord, I just have to be great
Wrong camera later, I found out who actually has it
heard so many good things about it!!!!! Already on episode 5
so happy I can finally get acrylics done!
My heart love you so much Han always
Need this
Weekends are far too short
Quiero mi playera de Jurassic Park!!
gonna steal your masterpiece
where did the time go. Everybody is growing up
Was my love not enough ?
Also falling asleep at a decent time on a Sunday is always impossible
I wanna start working out! so lazy tho
Tried to burn/lift my excessive cheese consumption away from the weekend
craving Chinese food
Ughh my life if teachings not what I wanna do then I just took 2 classes for no reason.
Girl fr! My shit look beat up.
just contemplating - but as on here it looks as though made my decision
56 nights and slime season 1 got me through 2015
why am I still awake
insane to me that people really make fake accounts just to talk shit. How miserable can you be
Please kill me I can't believe these are my statesmen
I LOVE YOU TOO.
wow son beautiful
Why is Big Girls Cry by Fergie playing?! lmfaooo makes me wanna sing it all loud but asleep
why am i breaking out
Two hours
Like ughhhhh
Fuck my eyes are sweating
This morning I went up to my dad and said, get this and this guy legit pulled out a bag of pan dulce.
you tellin me i have to wait 12 more hours??? cmon
My cousin wants to go to a 2-Pac Celebrity Paint & Wine Party next month, but I drink
At least have some real shit
I love the snow...When I'm home, although then I have to shovel
Dark chocolate
Deadass missed tf outta his ass
I have took that damn nap earlier
just trying to come home to the same one
I should go to sleep but...... EXO.
How imma get my body snatched by December
so stressed
Uh same here
Tired even the word.
Wrong person
Love my flannel sheets so much
wait to move back in with my parents.
I got to photograph my links engagement and it has been THE hardest secret to keep. I am so happyyyyy
Phat house always cold cold
dem bxtchs faves could never
The fact that I can give moms mommy tips & I even have kids... I want a baby. Now.
I miss my baby Jay
Idek when coming home next
I love cran-apple & pineapple-mango juice something about those combinations
for the baby I usually only do milk in cereal but this baby wants it
To get out of my soaking wet clothes. Oh and guess what now sick and I know only gonna get worse.
God damn Katy Perry has my cock super hard right now
A good nut relieves alot of stress
Thanks mi brendita i did enjoy it actually & i feel old asf dude i love youu !!
Watching 22 July
I hate being away from y'all
Fuuuuck im so cold omg also its 5.46 am and i cant fall asleep
So tired of waking up early for school
Cannot wait to drop this new painting
I just about busted a sweat trying to put my curtains up and STILL missing one
Research at Applied jusko
Omg trifling
Need someone who wanna choke it
F U C K
betta cut tf up cause i def am , can you say scared to throw that ass for some
Bout to sleep so good
Mondays are always like that
Ugh sore even the word
I'm tired but i still want a warm cooked meal
never know how I feel, gave my love too you, and it all was real
Starting to look like his daddy now but thank you baby
First time aku x dpt catch up math ni sem lepas elok je
This was a very hard decision
only reason I even ask where you want it at is cuz I wanna know if the face is ok bitches say anywhere but be meaning that
happy 18th to my bbg, I love you sooo much why we have any pics together or can I
really a clingy gf , I just love being under him
They must be using the San Francisco method!
Sis where do you get them ass lashes?! they so cute and you killin it !! Let a fellow member know
you can get my number anytime
HOW
up like 6:24 come fast
a closure .... n playing bc my long almost hitting my big ass
Does anyone husband wait till 12/1 am to say he needs clothes washed??
when i see my bed ova
Every time I think i want more kids
i need a few days to myself sis i might sleep those mfs away
It be hurting so bad
I want to go to a NFL football game sooooo bad
I need you to abide in me .. In everything I do and say lord
just not with food
We need to dp her right now!!!
Drip too hard... dont stand too close u gon fuck around and drown off this wave
See this how I thought that one lippy was gonna look I want this one
Why this not me?
atleast the dudes at the gas station tell me i'm beautiful
hungry but scared to eat
I really hope dilated enough to be admitted when I go tomorrow
Neeeeed to see the new Halloween
Abi ele ti ya ? Uncle, Are u normal ? Evn Jesus Christ was not born 'both' !!
someone gift me golcha's new album.
Where this at tho
I need to rack up on sweat suits
so pretty
Good dick will make you do stupid shit. funny but like scary at the same time. That shit be real. Got
Feel like i need to go to the hospital
I just made plans with my brother I never see my heart is full
Omg finally laying down
can't wait for me and my baby to reach that level
Really just been craving some good ole hot chocolate
Not sure why this creeped me out
One persons voice can just be so soothing
Damn sis that bad
so cold
Because too stiff
Why am I always sick
Had to delete that bc I be petty just gotta let her figure it out.
At this point SheaMoisture could make SOCKS & buy it
been so long
Whew Chile, they even know. The struggle of carrying all your cds on a trip to listen to music
never been so happy to get in my bed & go to sleep
On Gawd idk who made these nigguhs
These weekends be going by too fast man
oh no not even halfway done , & already bout to stop scary as hell
Her complexion against this read tho
Wtf type of life
Somebody need me inna dem life
so tired and cold
i done said i was going to sleep bout 3 times and still ain got off twitter
hate when I have a lot on my mind ... be able to sleep for shit
I am not in it at
My waist is hard as stone
The girl in the middle is all sorts of
sis,,,, destroyed as in the real destroy it,,, like ruining it
I I Im jealous !!!
Ima have little ass nubs
ahhhh bless me for olvl paper
So tired! Goodnight
My friends got me hooked to cosmopolitans
But ugh the drive
i pray to God nobody brings back my 2012 tweets
me too I hate night mode tbh
happiest birthday to the most kind person ever met!
Still hungry but taking my butt to sleep lol too late to eat
Lord bless my liver this weekend amen
Lab pagi cancel jadi bawak makwe gi breakfast date kejap My girl is soo cutee
After buying a ticket, IF i do I even know if be able to afford a beer lmao
understand how long I been waiting for him to walk through this door he walked in and came straight to me !
trying tho .. probably be over it in like 2 days tho
Need her to choke on mine
So I lost my debit card ... still praying it comes around
Ugghhhh then tweets was wild but I love his fine ass
Have you ever wanted to lose weight but weight want to lose you? Cause same
" Even if I come to like someone, I'm not the type to approach them first so I just pass it by " THIS ONE ALSO
Wanted to get but too small but have 2 before the end of the week North Carolina A&T State University
Manifest should have been released on Netflix. I just want to binge the whole season.
Literally been thinking that I ruined my life and all over for me for the past two days
I really got a good heart , just mean.
Sooooo was in Bakersfield and no one said anything ?!?
warn me before you step on my neck
I just got shook because changed his voicemail message!!!
Sooooo was in Bakersfield and no one said anything ?!?
Can we just rewind back to 2017 September
My next gf gone have to be hell of a person ima be so hard on that hoe fr fr .
same ol mistakes is like the rihanna holy ghost
Good lordt I just binged the entire first season of on Once I started I could NOT
really about to be 29 fam
70+ hour weeks if only the military paid overtime
not all on that boat i swear
I cant believe i breathed the same air as my mans
Aw Okay, Good. Glad All Had A Good Time. I Loved His Cake Too
become obsessed with Jesus help me! I just wanted my hubby to stay up
High key sick
I want some bomb ass Mac and cheese
i hate when so much on your mind that you sleep
Reasons why I wanna dip out of Cali and move to Texas
Yeah what i figured but i heard that it can be traumatizing too so idk
Yep.. bout to go get some
So I like told my best friend drake followed me on ig .... and my best friend. really. went. to. go. check. LMAO I hate me smh
I want to get my nails done for my birthday but I'm so broke
I just tweeted this gif omg are our minds connected
Only robots in human form are capable of this wizardry.
Why all the fine women have kids
I get enough of Ella Mai album soooo good
Monday!!
all these formulas? No thank you!
Oh this would be lovely rn.
For mal about 17$
The 4 never disappoints. Consistency boi
we gave jr insteaded of iman
its fall szn and I literally have no bf to steal hoodies from
You have to do me like this every weekend
i just want to snatch tf out of my hair
My heart just exploded. I want one but I afford one
How can I not love him when I see how hard trying
Ugh my stomach hurts so bad right now
Lmfaooooo. The story behind the picture of me and my cousin though! hella Spanish/Mexican and other
*takes notes*
Oh who am I kidding why do I even need notes for as if ever use it
he's the love of my life
i hate that twitter is on private , i wanna see what she tweets about me
Hate how fast the weekend goes by
Fr like Idek what happened this year i just know its almost over
I LOVE YOU OKAY and i want us to continue the questions we started but been all over the place these days sldklsks
Baru first class dh dpt ass yg merepek
The documentary is all bangers too
God really blessing me lately.
Hopefully, baby B will be here tommorow beyond excited like it me giving birth
I feel like they're going to drop them when we least expect it. At this point we won't be able to even shower in peace
Me coming home drunk and realizing I still gotta take my make up off.
great 3hours of sleep..
You realize it when smoking but weed will have you stuck
I really want tacos
that hot ass shower is putting me to sleep we been to six flags since he was 1 im tired as hell
HOY WALA PA AKO SA MOOD BUMALIK NG MANILA HUUUUYYY
Characters with big boobs:
Characters with big boobs wearing tops that barely contain then:
Knowing them it was probably an ad lib
My fave I misssss you spark one up for me, hope doing good
No finales peor son
here for this
Fuck whoever laid up tonight
I love hot showers late at night
morning
I met so many people from different states and they all want me to visit next year is probably my year to fly to different states
needs to come out with just one more good track and prove all these mfs wrong... mfs seem to have forgotten
Lol facts
Today was so gorgeous and felt like fall. Tonight is freezing and feels like back in a Colorado winter
I want some crab legs
Urgh. Init bumyahe
